” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Components of Our Results of Operations Revenue To date, we have not generated any revenue from the sale of products. We do not expect to generate any such revenue unless and
until such time as ARD-101, ARD-201 and our other product candidates have advanced through clinical development and regulatory approval, if ever. If we fail to complete
preclinical and clinical development of any product candidates or obtain regulatory approval for them, our ability to generate future revenues, and our results of operations and financial position would be adversely affected. Operating Expenses Our operating expenses consist of (i) research and development expenses, (ii) general and administrative expenses
and (iii) credit losses recorded on related party convertible promissory note and accounts receivable. Research and Development Our research and development (R&D) expenses consist primarily of external and internal costs incurred in
performing preclinical and clinical development activities. Research and development expenses are recognized as incurred and payments made prior to the receipt of goods or services to be used in research and development are capitalized until the
goods or services are received. Our research and development expenses consist principally of: • external costs, including: • fees paid to CROs and consultants in connection with our preclinical studies, toxicology and clinical trials; • costs related to manufacturing materials for our preclinical studies and clinical trials; • costs related to compliance with regulatory requirements; • license fees; and • internal costs, including: • personnel-related costs such as salaries, bonuses, payroll taxes, employee benefits, travel, and stock-based
compensation expense for employees involved in research and development efforts; and • facilities-related costs, depreciation and other allocated expenses, which include direct and allocated
expenses for rent, maintenance of facilities, insurance, equipment, and other supplies and services. 102 Table of Contents We do not track our research and development expenses on a program-specific
basis or allocate our internal costs associated with our discovery and development efforts because these costs are deployed across multiple programs and, as such, are not separately classified. Since our inception and through September 30,
2024, substantially all of our external costs have been related to the research and development of ARD-101. Although R&D activities are central to our business model, the successful development of ARD-101 and our other product candidates is highly uncertain. We cannot determine with certainty the timing of initiation, the duration or the completion costs of current or future preclinical studies and
clinical trials of ARD-101, ARD-201, or any future product candidates due to the inherently unpredictable nature of preclinical and clinical development. There are
numerous factors associated with the successful development of a product candidate, including future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage of development.
In addition, future regulatory factors beyond our control may impact our clinical development programs. Product candidates in later stages of development generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of development. As a
result, we expect that our R&D expenses will increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to conduct our ongoing R&D activities, advance preclinical research programs toward clinical development, conduct clinical trials,
hire additional personnel, and maintain, expand, protect, and enforce our intellectual property portfolio. At this time,
we cannot accurately estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the preclinical and clinical development of any of our product candidates. Our future R&D expenses may vary significantly based
on a wide variety of factors such as: • the number and scope, rate of progress, expense and results of our discovery and preclinical activities and
clinical trials; • per patient trial costs; • the number of trials required for approval; • the number of sites included in the trials; • the countries in which the trials are conducted; • the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; • the number of patients that participate in the trials; • the number of doses that patients receive; • the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; • the potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; • the duration of patient participation in the trials and follow-up; • the cost and timing of manufacturing our product candidates; • the phase of development of our product candidates; • the extent of changes in government regulation and regulatory guidance; • the efficacy and safety profile of our product candidates; 103 Table of Contents • the timing, receipt, and terms of any approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; and • the extent to which we establish collaboration, license, or other arrangements. A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to development of any of our product candidates could significantly change the
costs and timing associated with the development of that product candidate. The process of conducting the necessary
preclinical and clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming. The actual probability of success for ARD-101 or any future product candidates may be affected by a variety of
factors. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Preclinical and clinical development timelines, the probability of success, and total development costs can differ materially from expectations. We
anticipate that we will make determinations as to which product candidates to pursue and how much funding to direct to each product candidate on an ongoing basis in response to the results of ongoing and future preclinical studies and clinical
trials, regulatory developments, and our ongoing assessments as to each product candidates’ commercial potential. We will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future. In addition, we cannot forecast which product candidate may be
subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. General and Administrative G&A expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs such as salaries, bonuses, payroll taxes, employee benefits,
travel, and stock-based compensation expense for employees involved in executive, accounting and finance, legal, and other administrative functions. Other significant costs include allocated facility-related costs, legal fees relating to
intellectual property and corporate matters, professional fees for accounting and consulting services, insurance costs, and business development expenses. We expect that our G&A expenses will increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to increase our
general and administrative headcount to support our continued R&D activities and, if ARD-101 or our other product candidates receive marketing approval, commercialization activities, as well as to support
our operations generally. We also expect to incur increased expenses related to audit, legal, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with exchange listing and SEC
requirements, director and officer insurance premiums, and investor relations costs associated with operating as a public company. Credit Loss – Accounts Receivable and Related Party Convertible Promissory Note In connection with a Transition Services Agreement (the Transition Services Agreement) entered into with Aardwolf
Therapeutics, Inc. (Aardwolf), which was effective through May 31, 2024, we performed certain services and billed Aardwolf monthly. As Aardwolf currently does not have the ability to repay the related party receivables, these amounts are deemed
uncollectible and have been written off until such time as Aardwolf has the ability to repay. In addition, in August 2022, we loaned Aardwolf $1.0 million in the form of a convertible promissory note, which, based on its current inability to
repay, we also have written off as uncollectible. We will reassess the estimated recovery on previous written off balances at each reporting period. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income earned on our invested cash and cash equivalents, dividend
income and changes in the fair value of equity securities held as investments. 104 Table of Contents Results of Operations Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 The following table summarizes our results of operations for each of the periods indicated: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Change (in thousands) (unaudited) Operating expenses: Research and development $ 2,943 $ 9,301 $ 6,358 General and administrative 1,648 3,917 2,269 Credit loss – related party accounts receivable 591 117 (474 ) Total operating expenses 5,182 13,335 8,153 Loss from operations (5,182 ) (13,335 ) (8,153 ) Other income, net 15 1,526 1,511 Net loss $ (5,167 ) $ (11,809 ) $ (6,642 ) Research and Development Expenses The following table summarizes our R&D expenses for each of the periods indicated: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Change (in thousands) (unaudited) External costs $ 2,018 $ 6,296 $ 4,278 Internal costs: Personnel-related (including stock-based compensation expense) 809 2,733 1,924 Facilities-related (including depreciation) and other allocated costs 116 272 156 Total internal costs 925 3,005 2,080 Total R&D expenses $ 2,943 $ 9,301 $ 6,358 R&D expenses were $2.9 million and $9.3 m