—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” Trademarks and Know-How In connection with the ongoing development and advancement of our products
and services in the United States and various international jurisdictions, we seek to create protection for our marks and enhance their value by pursuing trademarks and service marks where available and when appropriate. We rely upon know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, by using confidentiality agreements with our
commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants, and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment
agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed by our employees and through relationships with third parties. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade
secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our contractors, commercial partners, collaborators, employees and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us,
disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. For more information, see the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual
Property.” Government Regulation The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state, and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among
other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring,
and post-approval reporting of biologics such as those we are developing. We, along with our third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical, manufacturing and commercial approval requirements of the governing
regulatory agencies of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local and
foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process or
post- 126 Table of Contents approval may subject an applicant to delays in development or approval, as well as administrative and judicial sanctions. U.S. Biologics Regulation In the
United States, biological products are subject to regulation under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. The process required
by the FDA before biologics may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: • completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA’s Good
Laboratory Practice requirements, or GLPs; • submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application, or IND, which must become effective before
clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually and when certain changes are made; • approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical site before
the trial is commenced; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practice, or
GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic product candidate for its intended purpose; • preparation of and submission to the FDA of a biologics license application, or BLA, after completion of all
pivotal clinical trials; • payment of user fees for FDA review of the BLA; • satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; • satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the
manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs, and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological
product’s continued safety, purity and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with GCPs; and • FDA review and approval of the BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for
use in the United States. Preclinical and Clinical Trials Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate in the United States, the product candidate must undergo rigorous
preclinical testing. Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluations of chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess safety and in some cases to establish the rationale for therapeutic use. The
conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal and state regulations and requirements, including GLP requirements for safety and toxicology studies. In the United States, the results of the preclinical studies, together with manufacturing
information and analytical data must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general
investigational 127 Table of Contents plan and the protocol(s) for clinical studies. The IND also includes results of animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology, and pharmacodynamic
characteristics of the product; chemistry, manufacturing, and controls information; and any available human data or literature to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin.
The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case,
the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a
clinical trial. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human subjects under the supervision of
qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical study. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among
other things, the objectives of the study, the dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters and criteria to be used in monitoring safety and effectiveness. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for
each successive clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent IRB for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical
trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. While
clinical trials are ongoing, the FDA may impose a partial or complete clinical hold based on concerns for patient safety and/or noncompliance with regulatory requirements. This order issued by the FDA would cause the suspension of an ongoing study,
or part of an ongoing study, until all outstanding concerns have been adequately addressed, and the FDA has notified the company that investigations may proceed. Imposition of a clinical hold could cause significant delays or difficulties in
completing planned clinical studies in a timely manner. In addition, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that
the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for
whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no
demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. In the United States, information about applicable clinical trials, including clinical trials
results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Progress reports detailing
the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators fifteen days after the trial sponsor determines the
information qualifies for reporting for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing suggest a significant risk for human participants exposed to the drug or biologic, or for any
clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must also notify the FDA