You should
consider carefully the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus and in our other public filings in evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. Risks Related to Our Business We expect our net losses to continue for at least several years and are unable to
predict the extent of future losses or when we will become profitable, if ever. We have experienced significant net losses since our inception. As of December 31, 2004, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $94.3 million. We expect our annual net losses to increase over the next several
years as we expand our research and development activities, incur significant preclinical and clinical development costs, and enhance our infrastructure. We have not received, and do not expect to receive for at least the next several years, any revenues from the commercialization of our drug candidates.
Our primary source of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2004 was from research and milestone payments under our collaboration agreements with Allergan. For the year ended December 31, 2004, we received 98 percent of our revenues from our
collaborations with Allergan. We anticipate that collaborations with pharmaceutical companies will continue to be our primary source of revenues for the next several years, which provide us with research funding and potential milestone payments and
royalties. We cannot be certain that the milestones required to trigger payments will be reached or that we will secure additional collaboration agreements. To obtain revenues from our drug candidates, we must succeed, either alone or with others,
in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, and manufacturing and marketing drugs with significant market potential. We may never succeed in these activities, and may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve
profitability. Our most advanced clinical products are in clinical
trials, which are long, expensive and unpredictable, and there is a high risk of failure. Preclinical testing and clinical trials are long, expensive and unpredictable processes that can be subject to delays. It may take several years to
complete the preclinical testing and clinical development necessary to commercialize a drug, and delays or failure can occur at any stage. Interim results of clinical trials do not necessarily predict final results, and success in preclinical
testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials even after
promising results in earlier trials. All of our drug
candidates are at an early stage of development and the historical rate of failures for drug candidates is extremely high. Our three Phase II-stage clinical programs are ACP-103 for treatment-induced dysfunctions in Parkinson’s disease, ACP-103
as an adjunctive therapy for schizophrenia, and ACP-104 for the treatment of schizophrenia. In connection with clinical trials, we face risks that: • a drug candidate may not prove to be efficacious; • patients may die or suffer other adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to the drug candidate being tested; • the results may not confirm the positive results of earlier trials; and • the results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or other regulatory agencies. 1 Table of Contents If we do not successfully complete preclinical and clinical development, we will be unable to market and
sell products derived from our drug candidates and to generate product revenues. Even if we do successfully complete Phase I and Phase II clinical trials, those results are not necessarily predictive of results of future trials. Of the large number
of drugs in development, only a small percentage result in the submission of a new drug application to the FDA and even fewer are approved for commercialization. Delays, suspensions and terminations in our clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate
product revenues. The commencement of clinical trials
can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: • demonstrating sufficient safety and efficacy to obtain regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial; • reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations and clinical trial sites; • manufacturing sufficient quantities of a drug candidate; • obtaining approval of an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, from the FDA; • obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site; and • insufficient patient enrollment, which is a function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to clinical
sites, the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease and the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial. Once a clinical trial has begun, it may be delayed, suspended or terminated due to a number of factors, including: • ongoing discussions with regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials or requests by them for supplemental information with respect to our clinical
trial results; • failure to conduct clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements; • lower than anticipated retention rate of patients in clinical trials; • serious adverse events or side effects experienced by participants; and • insufficient supply or deficient quality of drug candidates or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials. Many of these factors may also ultimately lead to denial of regulatory
approval of a current or potential drug candidate. If we experience delays in our clinical trials, the commercial prospects for our drug candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. If we fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, we will be unable to
successfully develop products. We have consumed
substantial amounts of capital since our inception. For the year ended December 31, 2004, we used $20.7 million in cash, cash equivalents and investment securities to fund our operating activities. Although we believe our existing cash resources and
anticipated payments from existing agreements with our collaborators will be sufficient to fund our anticipated cash requirements through at least mid-2007, we will require significant additional financing in the future to continue to fund our
operations. Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors, including: • progress in, and the costs of, our preclinical studies and clinical trials and other research and development programs; • the scope, prioritization and number of our research and development programs; 2 Table of Contents • the ability of our collaborators and us to reach the milestones, and other events or developments, triggering payments under our collaboration agreements or to otherwise make
payments under these agreements; • the costs involved in filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patent claims and other intellectual property rights; • the costs of securing manufacturing arrangements for clinical or commercial production; and • the costs of establishing or contracting for sales and marketing capabilities if we obtain regulatory clearances to market our drug candidates. Until we can generate significant continuing revenues, we expect to satisfy
our future cash needs through strategic collaborations, private or public sales of our securities, debt financings, or by licensing all or a portion of our drug candidates or technology. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available
to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or our commercialization efforts. Additional funding may
significantly dilute existing stockholders. We depend on collaborations
with third parties to develop and commercialize selected drug candidates and to provide the majority of our revenues. A key aspect of our strategy is to selectively enter into collaborations with third parties. We currently rely, and will continue to rely, on our
collaborators for financial resources and for development, commercialization and regulatory expertise for selected drug candidates. For the year ended December 31, 2004, we received 98 percent of our revenues from our collaborations with
Allergan. We expect that nearly all of our revenues for the foreseeable future will be generated by collaborations, although there is no guarantee that revenues from our collaborations will continue at current or past levels. Our collaborators may fail to develop or effectively commercialize products
using our drug candidates or technologies because they: • do not have sufficient resources or decide not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints such as limited cash or human resources; • decide to pursue a competitive product developed outside of the collaboration; or • cannot obtain the necessary regulatory approvals. The continuation of our collaborations is dependent on our collaborators’ periodic renewal of the governing agreements. Allergan and Sepracor can
terminate our existing collaborations before the full term of these collaborations under specific circumstances, including in some cases the right to terminate up