—Risks Related to Intellectual
Property” for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property. Patents An issued patent provides its owner (or its licensee) with a right to exclude others from making, using or selling that which
is claimed in the patent, for a specified period of time (the “term” of the patent), in the jurisdiction in which the patent is issued. In the United States, and in many other countries, patents have a presumptive term of 20 years
from their effective filing date (which is the earliest non-provisional filing date to which the patent claims priority). However, many jurisdictions, including the United States, require the payment of
periodic maintenance fees in order for patents to remain in force for the full 20-year term; some jurisdictions require periodic annuities to be paid even to maintain pendency of an application. The United
States also has provisions that require a patent term to be shortened if its claims are too similar to another patent owned by the same party that has a shorter term. The United States and certain other jurisdictions also have provisions that permit
extension of patent term for patents that claim a drug or drug product, or its approved use, if the patent was issued before clinical trials were completed and certain other requirements were satisfied. In the United States, such extension is called
a Patent Term Extension, or PTE, and it is limited to a period of not more than five years, or a period that would extend the patent so that the total patent term including the PTE does not exceed 14 years after the date of regulatory approval; only
one patent can be extended per product approval. The United States also offers a different form of patent term extension, known as Patent Term Adjustment, or PTA, whereby a particular patent’s term is automatically extended beyond the 20-year date if the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the USPTO, caused delay during its examination; however, potentially available PTA is reduced by any amount of any delay caused by the patent
applicant. Our patent portfolio includes both in-licensed and owned patent
filings, as discussed in more detail below. Particularly given our pre-commercial state of development, we cannot be certain that any of the patent filings in our portfolio will provide meaningful protection
for any drug or OncoSignature test we ultimately attempt to commercialize. We have in-licensed from Lilly a portfolio including three families of patent filings relating to ACR-368. See the section titled “Business—Licensing and
Collaborations.” The first family, with a presumptive twenty-year term extending into 2029, includes issued patents in the United States (US patent 8,314,108, which, due to PTA, will expire in 2030) and including in Europe, China, Hong Kong,
Japan, Macao and Taiwan. The second family, with a presumptive twenty-year term extending into 2036, includes issued patents in the United States 143 Table of Contents (US patent 11,123,326, which, due to PTA, will expire in 2037) and in Europe, Japan and Taiwan and a pending application in the United States, that claim use of ACR-368 to treat certain particular types of cancer. The third family, with a presumptive twenty-year term extending into late 2036, includes issued patents in the United States (US patent 10,189,818, which,
due to PTA, will expire in 2037) and in Europe, China, Hong Kong, Japan and Taiwan. We may be able to pursue patent term extension in one or more jurisdictions for patents in this in-licensed portfolio to
provide extended protection to ACR-368. We have also in-licensed from our founder a patent family with a presumptive twenty-year term extending into 2028 that includes issued EP and pending US filings that claims aspects of our AP3 platform relating to methods of
identifying responder populations. We own a provisional patent filing in the United States directed to our OncoSignature test for ACR-368, including claims to methods of treating patients identified by the OncoSignature test
with ACR-368; non-provisional filings in the United States that claim the benefit of this filing and filings in other jurisdictions that claim priority to this filing would have a presumptive twenty-year term
extending into 2043. We intend to pursue patent protection, whether through in-licensing or our own development, for future drug candidates and OncoSignature tests. We may also pursue additional patent protection for features of our
AP3 platform, though we will rely on confidentiality and trade secret protections for certain aspects of that platform. Trademarks We have registered our rights in the OncoSignature mark in the United
States and various other jurisdictions. We expect to pursue trademark protection for additional marks in the future for products and assays that we commercialize. Trade Secrets and Confidential Information For certain of our technologies, including aspects of our AP3 platform and how we use it to develop OncoSignature tests, we rely on unpatented trade secrets and confidential know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets are notoriously
difficult to protect. Breaches of trade secret or confidentiality provisions can be challenging to detect, and even more challenging to prove. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, through confidentiality and non-competition agreements with employees, consultants, partners, and other advisors. These agreements may be breached and we may not be able to successfully defend our rights. Moreover, we may not be able to secure
adequate remedies for harm caused by such breach. Furthermore, our trade secrets or confidential information may be independently developed by a third party, and we may not have any ability to restrain or secure any remedy from them. As a result, we
may be unable to meaningfully protect our trade secrets and proprietary information. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our trade
secrets and confidential information. Competition The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by the rapid evolution of technologies and understanding of precision medicine
in oncology, intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. As one of the first companies to adopt a phosphoproteomics-based approach with a platform designed to develop predictive protein signature tests for patient responder
identification, we believe that our differentiated approach, strategy, as well as our scientific capabilities, know-how and experience provide us with significant competitive advantages. However, in the
future, we expect competition from multiple sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and existing or emerging biotechnology companies, academic research institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research
institutions worldwide. Many of our competitors, either alone or with their collaborators, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise 144 Table of Contents in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. These competitors also
compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient enrollment in clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our
programs. As a result, our competitors may discover, develop, license or commercialize products before or more successfully than we do. At present, we do not believe we face competition from segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other related markets
that pursue the development of targeted oncology therapies for the smaller subsets of patients with genetically-defined cancers. However, we anticipate several biopharmaceutical companies will aim to develop precision oncology approaches for the
larger subsets of cancers where genetics has proven insufficient for patient responder identification. We expect that the broader biopharmaceutical field will eventually recognize proteomics as the next era of precision medicine, but we believe it
will take some time before significant competition will truly emerge in this space. There are several competitors with CHK1/2 inhibitors and WEE1 inhibitors, including Sierra Oncology (SRA737), Astrazeneca/Merck (Adavosertib), Zentalis (Zn-c3), Debiopharm (Debio0123), Impact Therapeutics (IMP7068) and Shouya Holdings (SY-4835). We, like other targeted oncology precision medicine companies, face competition more broadly across the oncology market for
cost-effective and reimbursable cancer treatments. The most common methods of treating patients with cancer are surgery, radiation and drug therapy, including chemotherapy, hormone therapy, biologic therapy, such as monoclonal and bispecific
antibodies, immunotherapy, cell-based therapy and targeted therapy, or a combination of any such methods. There are a variety of available drug therapies marketed for cancer. In many cases, these drugs are administered in combination to enhance
efficacy. While our drug candidates, if any are approved, may compete with these existing drugs and other therapies, to the extent they are ultimately used in combination with or as an adjunct to these therapies, our drug candidates may not be
competitive with them. Some of these drugs are branded and subject to patent protection, and others are available on a generic basis. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage the use of generic products or specific branded products.
As a result, obtaining market acceptance of, and gaining significant share of the market for, any of our drug candidates that we successfully introduce to the market may pose challenges. In additio