, including certain mortgages with combined loan-to-value ratios above 90%. Because these limits are based on the current market size, we do not expect any material impact to the private mortgage market in the near term. Under these PSPA amendments, the FHFA and the Treasury Department have agreed not to seek to terminate the GSEs from conservatorship unless, following the resolution of all litigation pending in connection with the conservatorship or the Treasury Department’s net worth sweep, the GSEs maintain a specified level of common equity tier 1 capital. While we do not expect that such 29 restrictions will impact the GSEs’ origination volume or our mortgage insurance business, other modifications to the PSPAs or a consent order that may place continuing restrictions on the GSEs post conservatorship remain possible. Also on January 14, 2021, the Treasury Department released a Blueprint on Next Steps for GSE Reform that generally reiterated its commitment to the goals in the Housing Reform Plan and to pursue additional reforms to facilitate an exit from conservatorship, including (i) building sufficient equity capital to facilitate the GSEs’ ability to operate through a severe downturn, (ii) determining the optimal GSE capital structure, (iii) setting a commitment fee for ongoing support post-conservatorship, (iv) establishing appropriate pricing oversight and (v) reducing the market concentration of the GSEs. As part of the process to potentially end the conservatorships of the GSEs, on December 17, 2020, the FHFA promulgated a final rule imposing a new capital framework on the GSEs, including risk-based and leverage capital requirements and capital buffers in excess of regulatory minimums that can be drawn down in periods of financial stress (the “Enterprise Capital Framework”). The Enterprise Capital Framework became effective on February 16, 2021. However, the GSEs will not be subject to any requirement under the Enterprise Capital Framework until the applicable compliance date. Compliance with the Enterprise Capital Framework, other than the requirements to maintain a prescribed capital conservation buffer amount (“PCCBA”) and a prescribed leverage buffer amount (“PLBA”), is required on the later of (i) the date of termination of the conservatorship of a GSE and (ii) any later compliance date provided in a consent order or other transition order applicable to such GSE. FHFA contemplates that the compliance dates for the PCCBA and the PLBA will be the date of termination of the conservatorship of a GSE. The Enterprise Capital Framework’s advanced approaches requirements will be delayed until the later of (i) January 1, 2025 and (ii) any later compliance date provided by a transition order applicable to such GSE. The Enterprise Capital Framework significantly increases capital requirements and reduces capital credit on CRT transactions as compared to the previous framework. The final rule could cause the GSEs to increase their guarantee pricing in order to meet the new capital requirements. If the GSEs increase their guarantee pricing in order to meet the higher capital requirements, that increase could have a negative impact on the private mortgage insurance market and our business. Furthermore, higher GSE capital requirements could ultimately lead to increased costs to borrowers for GSE loans, which in turn could shift the market away from the GSEs to the FHA or lender portfolios. Such a shift could result in a smaller market size for private mortgage insurance. This rule could also accelerate the recent diversification of the GSE’s risk transfer programs to encompass a broader array of instruments beyond private mortgage insurance, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, the Supreme Court of the United States heard challenges on December 9, 2020 to the FHFA’s single director structure and the Treasury Department’s net worth sweep under the PSPA, with decisions not likely until the spring 2021 term, which could impact the federal government’s efforts to reform the federal housing system, including exiting the GSEs from conservatorship. The adoption of any GSE reform, whether through legislation or administrative action, could impact the current role of private mortgage insurance as credit enhancement, including its reduction or elimination, which would have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, results of operations and financial condition. At present, it is uncertain what role private capital, including mortgage insurance, will play in the United States residential housing finance system in the future or the impact any changes to that system could have on our business. Any changes to the charters or statutory authorities of the GSEs would require congressional action to implement. Passage and timing of any comprehensive GSE reform or incremental change (legislative or administrative) is uncertain, making the actual impact on us and our industry difficult to predict. Any such changes that come to pass could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In recent years, the FHFA has set goals for the GSEs to transfer significant portions of the GSEs’ mortgage credit risk to the private sector. This mandate builds upon the goals set in each of the last five years for the GSEs to increase the role of private capital by experimenting with different forms of transactions and structures. We have participated in these CRT programs developed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on a limited basis. In 2018, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac announced the launch of limited 30 pilot programs, Integrated Mortgage Insurance (“IMAGIN”) and Enterprise Paid Mortgage Insurance (“EPMI”), respectively, as alternative ways for lenders to sell to the GSEs loans with LTV ratios greater than 80%. These investor-paid mortgage insurance programs, in which insurance is acquired directly by each GSE, have many of the same features and represent an alternative to traditional private mortgage insurance products that are provided to individual lenders. Participants in IMAGIN and EPMI are not subject to compliance with the current PMIERs, a disparity that may create a competitive disadvantage for private mortgage insurers if these pilot programs are expanded. To the extent these credit risk products evolve in a manner that displaces primary mortgage insurance coverage, the amount of insurance we write may be reduced. It is difficult to predict the impact of alternative CRT products, if any, that are developed to meet the goals established by the FHFA. In addition, the Enterprise Capital Framework that was promulgated on December 17, 2020 may impact the CRT programs developed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and/or the role of private mortgage insurance as credit enhancement by potentially accelerating the recent diversification of the GSE’s risk transfer programs to encompass a broader array of instruments, beyond private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac also possess substantial market power, which enables them to influence our business and the mortgage insurance industry in general. Although we actively monitor and develop our relationships with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, a deterioration in any of these relationships, or the loss of business or opportunities for new business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The amount of mortgage insurance we write could decline significantly if alternatives to private mortgage insurance are used or lower coverage levels of mortgage insurance are selected. There are a variety of alternatives to private mortgage insurance that may reduce the amount of mortgage insurance we write. These alternatives include: • originating mortgages that consist of two simultaneous loans, known as “simultaneous seconds” comprising a first mortgage with a LTV ratio of 80% and a simultaneous second mortgage for the excess portion of the loan, instead of a single mortgage with a LTV ratio of more than 80%; • using government mortgage insurance programs; • holding mortgages in the lenders’ own loan portfolios and self-insuring; • using programs, such as those offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, requiring lower mortgage insurance coverage levels; • originating and securitizing loans in MBS whose underlying mortgages are not insured with private mortgage insurance or which are structured so that the risk of default lies with the investor, rather than a private mortgage insurer; and • using risk-sharing insurance programs, credit default swaps or similar instruments, instead of private mortgage insurance, to transfer credit risk on mortgages. The degree to which lenders or borrowers may select these alternatives now, or in the future, is difficult to predict. The performance and resiliency of the private mortgage insurance industry through COVID-19 could impact the perception of the industry and private mortgage insurance execution as the primary choice of first-loss credit protection, which could influence the popularity of alternative forms of mortgage insurance in the future. As one or more of the alternatives described above, or new alternatives that enter the market, are chosen over private mortgage insurance, our revenues could be adversely impacted. The loss of business in general or the specific loss of more profitable business could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 31 Our reliance on customer relationships could cause us to lose significant sales if one or more of those relationships terminate or are reduced. Our business depends on our relationships with our customers, including relationships with large lending customers. Our largest customer accounted for 12% of our total NIW during 2020 and our top five customers generated 28% of our NIW during 2020. Our inability to maintain our relationship with one or more 