set forth in any prospectus supplements and in our most recent annual and quarterly filings with the SEC, as well as other information in this prospectus and any prospectus supplements and the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, before purchasing our securities. Each of the risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. Overview We are a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing a new class of small molecule antibiotics for difficult-to-treat bacterial infections. Our approach is to develop antibiotic candidates with a Gram-positive selective spectrum that block the active site of the Gram positive specific bacterial enzyme deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”) polymerase IIIC, inhibiting DNA replication and leading to Gram-positive bacterial cell death. Our research and development pipeline includes antibiotic product candidates that target Gram-positive bacteria, including Clostridioides difficile, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (“MRSA”), vancomycin resistant Enterococcus and drug-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae. These bacterial targets are listed as priority pathogens by the World Health Organization (“WHO”), the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). Priority pathogens are those which require new antibiotics to address the worldwide crisis of Antimicrobial Resistance as identified by the WHO, CDC and FDA. Emerging Growth Company We are an “emerging growth company”, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (the “JOBS Act”). As an emerging growth company, we are eligible, and have elected, to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These include, but are not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation (to the extent applicable to a foreign private issuer). We could remain an emerging growth company until the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the consummation of our initial public offering. However, if our annual gross revenue is $1.235 billion or more, or our non-convertible debt issued within a three year period exceeds $1 billion, or the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the last day of that fiscal year. Smaller Reporting Company We are also currently a “smaller reporting company,” meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company, and have a public float of less than $250 million or annual revenues of less than $100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a “smaller reporting company,” at such time as we cease being an “emerging growth company,” the disclosure we will be required to provide in our SEC filings will increase, but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an “emerging growth company” or a “smaller reporting company.” Specifically, similar to “emerging growth companies,” “smaller reporting companies” are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an “emerging 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS growth company” or “smaller reporting company” may make it harder for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. Risks Associated with Our Business Our business and our ability to implement our business strategy are subject to numerous risks, as more fully described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended September 30, 2025 , June 30, 2025 and March 31, 2025 incorporated herein by reference. You should read these risks before you invest in our securities. We may be unable, for many reasons, including those that are beyond our control, to implement our business strategy. Corporate Information and History We were organized as a limited liability company in the State of Delaware in July 2017 and we commenced operations in February 2018 upon acquiring the rights to our lead antibiotic product candidate from GLSynthesis, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 259 Liberty Avenue, Staten Island, NY 10305 and our telephone number is (917) 533-1469. Our website address is www.acurxpharma.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this prospectus. We have included our website address in this prospectus solely as an inactive textual reference. On June 23, 2021, we converted from a Delaware limited liability company into a Delaware corporation pursuant to a statutory conversion, and changed its name to Acurx Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Recent Developments The Reverse Stock Split On July 31, 2025, we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware an amendment (the “Certificate of Amendment”) to our certificate of incorporation, as amended (the “certificate of incorporation”), to effect a reverse stock split of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-20 (the “Reverse Stock Split”). Pursuant to the Certificate of Amendment, the Reverse Stock Split became effective as of 4:01 p.m. Eastern Time on August 4, 2025 (the “Effective Time”) and shares of our common stock began trading on a post-split basis at the open of trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market on August 5, 2025. At the Effective Time, every twenty (20) shares of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock were automatically converted into one (1) share of common stock, without any change in the par value per share. In addition, proportionate adjustments were made to the per share exercise price and the number of shares issuable upon the exercise of all outstanding stock options, warrants and convertible securities, and to the number of shares issued and issuable under our stock incentive plan. No change was made to the number of shares of common stock authorized under our certificate of incorporation. Unless otherwise indicated, all share and per share information in this prospectus is adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split. The Charter Amendment On September 22, 2025, we filed an amendment to our certificate of incorporation to increase the total number of authorized shares of our common stock from 200,000,000 to 250,000,000. The Lincoln Park Transaction On May 8, 2025, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which Lincoln Park agreed to purchase from us up to an aggregate of $12.0 million of our common stock (subject to certain limitations) from time to time over the term of the Purchase Agreement (of which an aggregate of $4.4 million of shares of common stock have already been issued and sold to Lincoln Park as of the date of this prospectus). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we issued 44,963 shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as a fee for making its irrevocable commitment to purchase our common stock under the Purchase Agreement (the “Commitment Shares”). Also on May 8, 2025, we entered into a registration rights agreement with Lincoln Park (the “Registration Rights Agreement”), pursuant to which we filed with the SEC a registration statement (the “First Prior Registration Statement”) on Form S-1 (Registration 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS No. 333-287478) to register up to 544,963 shares of common stock that have subsequently been issued and sold by us to Lincoln Park, consisting of (i) 500,000 shares of common stock that we issued and sold to Lincoln Park as Purchase Shares, commencing on the Commencement Date (as defined below) for aggregate gross proceeds of $3.0 million, and (ii) 44,963 Commitment Shares. On October 20, 2025, we filed with the SEC a registration statement (the “Second Prior Registration Statement” and, together with the First Prior Registration Statement, the “Prior Registration Statements”) on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-290968) to register up to 585,000 shares of common stock, 443,042 of which have subsequently been issued and sold by us to Lincoln Park as Purchase Shares. To date, we have issued and sold 988,005 shares of common stock pursuant to the Prior Registration Statements for aggregate gross proceeds of $4.4 million. The purpose of this registration statement on Form S-1 is to register an additional 750,000 Purchase Shares for resale by Lincoln Park, pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. This prospectus covers the resale by the selling stockholder of up to 750,000 shares of our common stock that we have reserved for sale to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement from time to time after the date of this prospectus, if and when we determine to sell shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. Under the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, on July 17, 2025, we obtained stockholder approval to issue t