” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
included either elsewhere in this prospectus or in the documents incorporated by reference herein. In this prospectus, unless the context
otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “Adial” and the “Company”
refer to Adial Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Except as disclosed in the prospectus, the financial statements and selected historical financial
data and other financial information included in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus are those of Adial Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. Overview We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company
focused on the development of therapeutics for the treatment or prevention of addiction and related disorders. Our investigational new
drug candidate, AD04, is being developed as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of alcohol use disorder (“AUD”). AD04 was
recently investigated in a Phase 3 clinical trial, designated the ONWARD trial, for the potential treatment of AUD in subjects with certain
target genotypes, which were identified using our companion diagnostic genetic test. Based on our analysis of the subgroup data from the
ONWARD trial, we are now focused on completing the clinical development program for AD04 in the specified genetic subgroups to meet regulatory
requirements primarily in the U.S. and secondarily in Europe/U.K. We continue to explore opportunities to expand
our portfolio in the field of addiction and related disorders, both through internal development and through acquisitions. Our vision
is to create the world’s leading addiction focused pharmaceutical company. In January 2021, we expanded our portfolio in
the field of addiction with the acquisition of Purnovate, LLC via a merger into our wholly owned subsidiary, Purnovate, Inc. (“Purnovate”)
and in January 2023, we entered into an option agreement with Adovate LLC (“Adovate”), pursuant to which we granted to Adovate
an exclusive option for Adovate or its designated affiliate to acquire all of the assets of Purnovate and to assume related liabilities
and expenses. (Our then-CEO was a significant equity holder in Purnovate, LLC, so this was considered a related party transaction.) On
May 8, 2023, Adovate sent a letter exercising its option effective May 16, 2023, and made payment of the $450,000 in fees due on exercise.
Effective June 30, 2023, Adovate issued to us the equity stake in Adovate due on exercise of the option agreement. On August 17, 2023,
a Bill of Sale, Assignment and Assumption Agreement (“Bill of Sale”) was executed between Purnovate and Adovate, transferring
the Purnovate assets to Adovate, effective as of June 30, 2023. On August 17, 2023, Purnovate and Adovate also entered into a letter agreement
acknowledging that Adovate acquired the assets of Purnovate effective as of June 30, 2023, pursuant to the Bill of Sale. We have devoted the vast majority of our resources
to development efforts relating to AD04, including preparation for and conducting clinical trials, providing general and administrative
support for these operations and protecting our intellectual property. We expect these activities to continue to demand most of our resources
for the foreseeable future. We currently do not have any products approved for sale and we have not generated any significant revenue
since our inception. Corporate Information Adial Pharmaceuticals, L.L.C. was formed as a
Virginia limited liability company in November 2010. Adial Pharmaceuticals, L.L.C. converted from a Virginia limited liability company
into a Virginia corporation on October 3, 2017, and then reincorporated in Delaware on October 11, 2017 by merging the Virginia corporation
with and into Adial Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation that was incorporated on October 5, 2017 as a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Virginia corporation. We refer to this as the corporate conversion/reincorporation. In connection with the corporate conversion/reincorporation,
each unit of Adial Pharmaceuticals, L.L.C. was converted into shares of common stock of the Virginia corporation and then into shares
of Common Stock of Adial Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the members of Adial Pharmaceuticals, L.L.C. became stockholders of Adial Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. and Adial Pharmaceuticals, Inc. succeeded to the business of Adial Pharmaceuticals, L.L.C. Our principal executive offices are located at
4870 Sadler Road, Suite 300, Glen Allen, Virginia 23060, and our telephone number is (804) 487-8196. Our website address is www.adial.com .
Information contained on our website is intended for informational purposes only and is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus,
and it should not be considered to be part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The
SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers like us
that file documents electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC website is www.sec.gov . 1 Implications of Being a Smaller Reporting Company We are a “smaller reporting company”
as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). As a result, we may take advantage of
certain reduced disclosure obligations available to smaller reporting companies, including the exemption from compliance with the auditor
attestation requirements pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2022, reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements
and the requirements to provide only two years of audited financial statements in our annual reports and registration statements. We will
continue to be a “smaller reporting company” as long as (1) we have a public float (i.e., the market value of our shares of
Common Stock held by non-affiliates) less than $250 million calculated as of the last business day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues are less than $100 million for our previous fiscal year and we have either no public float
or a public float of less than $700 million as of the end of that fiscal year’s second fiscal quarter. Decreased disclosures in
our SEC filings due to our status as a “smaller reporting company” may make it harder for investors to analyze our results
of operations and financial prospects. For example, smaller reporting companies are able to provide simplified executive compensation
disclosure and have certain other reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, being required to provide only two years
of audited financial statements and not being required to provide selected financial data, supplemental financial information or risk
factors. Further, as a non-accelerated filer, we will not
be required to provide an auditor attestation of management’s assessment of internal control over financial reporting, which is
generally required for SEC reporting companies under Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404(b), and, in contrast to other reporting companies,
we’ll have more time to file our annual and periodic reports. Summary of the Material and Other Risks Associated
with Our Business Our business is subject to numerous material and
other risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business. These risks include, but are not limited to, the
following: ● We have a limited operating history and have incurred significant losses since our inception. ● We have incurred losses from our continuing operations every year and quarter since our inception and
anticipate that we will continue to incur losses from our continuing operations in the future. ● There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. ● We currently have no product revenues and may not generate revenue at any time in the near future, if
at all. ● We have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls, and we cannot provide assurances that
these weaknesses will be effectively remediated or that additional material weaknesses will not occur in the future. ● Our failure to meet Nasdaq’s continued listing requirements could result in the de-listing of our
Common Stock and negatively impact the price of our Common Stock. ● Our management will have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from this offering, you may
not agree with how we use the proceeds, and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. ● You may experience immediate and substantial dilution in the net tangible book value per share of Common Stock issued in this offering or that may be issued upon the exercise of any Pre-Funded Warrants issued in this offering. ● Future sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase Common Stock, including pursuant
to our equity incentive plans and outstanding warrants, could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders
and could cause our stock price to fall. ● We have additional securities available for issuance, which, if issued, could adversely affect the rights
of the holders of our Common Stock. ● This is a best efforts offering, no minimum amount of securities is required to be sold, and we may not
raise the amount of capital we believe is required for our business plans. ● Purchasers who purchase our securities in this offering pursuant to a securities purchase agreement may
have rights not available to purchasers that purchase without the benefit of a securities purchase agreement. ● There is no public market for the Common Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants. ● The Common Warrants in this offering are speculative in nature. ● Holders of the Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants will not have rights of
    holders of our shares of Common Stock until such Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised. ● If we are required to obtain Warrant Stockholder Approval, until we are able to receive such approval the Series D Warrants will not be exercisable, and