or physical symptoms) to reduce the risk of plasma contamination. Screening methods are generally less
sensitive and specific than a direct test as a means of identifying potentially contaminated plasma units. During the early phase
of an outbreak of a new infectious disease, our ability to manufacture safe products would depend on the manufacturing process'
capacity to inactivate or remove the infectious agent. To the extent that a product's manufacturing process is inadequate to inactivate
or remove an infectious agent, our ability to manufacture and distribute that product would be impaired. If a new infectious disease
were to emerge in the human population, the regulatory and public health authorities could impose precautions to limit the transmission
of the disease that would impair our ability to procure plasma, manufacture our products or both. Such precautionary measures could
be taken before there is conclusive medical or scientific evidence that a disease poses a risk for plasma-derived products. In
recent years, new testing and viral inactivation methods have been developed that more effectively detect and inactivate infectious
viruses in collected plasma. There can be no assurance, however, that such new testing and inactivation methods will adequately
screen for, and inactivate, infectious agents in the plasma used in the production of our products. We could become supply-constrained and our financial performance
would suffer if we cannot obtain adequate quantities of FDA-approved source plasma with proper specifications. In order for plasma to be used in the manufacturing of our products,
the individual centers at which the plasma is collected must be licensed by the FDA and approved by the regulatory authorities
of any country in which we may wish to commercialize our products. When we open a new plasma center, and on an ongoing basis after
licensure, it must be inspected by the FDA for compliance with cGMP and other regulatory requirements. An unsatisfactory inspection
could prevent a new center from being licensed or risk the suspension or revocation of an existing license. We do not and will
not have adequate plasma to manufacture our products. Therefore, we are reliant on the purchase of plasma from third parties to
manufacture our products. We can give no assurances that appropriate plasma will be available to us on commercially reasonable
terms or at all to manufacture our products. In order to maintain a plasma center's license, its operations must continue to conform
to cGMP and other regulatory requirements. In the event that we determine that plasma was not collected in compliance with cGMP,
we may be unable to use and may ultimately destroy plasma collected from that center, which would be recorded as a charge to cost
of product revenue. Additionally, if non-compliance in the plasma collection process is identified after the impacted plasma has
been pooled with compliant plasma from other sources, entire plasma pools, in-process intermediate materials and final products
could be impacted. Consequently, we could experience significant inventory impairment provisions and write-offs which could adversely
affect our business and financial results. We plan to increase our supplies of plasma for use in the manufacturing processes through
increased purchases of plasma from third-party suppliers as well as collections from our existing ADMA BioCenters plasma collection
centers. This strategy is dependent upon our ability to maintain a cGMP compliant environment in both plasma centers and to expand
production and attract donors to both centers. There is no assurance that the FDA will inspect and license our unlicensed plasma
collection centers in a timely manner consistent with our production plans. If we misjudge the readiness of a center for an FDA
inspection, we may lose credibility with the FDA and cause the FDA to more closely examine all of our operations. Such additional
scrutiny could materially hamper our operations and our ability to increase plasma collections. Our ability to expand production
and increase our plasma collection centers to more efficient production levels may be affected by changes in the economic environment
and population in selected regions where ADMA BioCenters operates its current or future plasma centers, by the entry of competitive
plasma centers into regions where ADMA BioCenters operates such centers, by misjudging the demographic potential of individual
regions where ADMA BioCenters expects to expand production and attract new donors, by unexpected facility related challenges, or
by unexpected management challenges at selected plasma centers. 22 Our ability to commercialize our products, alone or with
collaborators, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be available from governmental agencies, health administration
authorities, private health maintenance organizations and health insurers and other healthcare payers, and also depends upon the
approval, timing and representations by the FDA or other governmental authorities for our product candidates. As the FDA BLA review
process is ongoing, we are subject to information requests and communications from the FDA on a routine basis and may not have
clarity on any or all specific aspects of the approval timing, language, name, claims and any other future requirements that may
be imposed by the FDA or other governmental agencies for marketing, authorization and ultimately financial reimbursement for patient
utilization. Our ability to generate product revenues will be diminished
if our products sell for inadequate prices or patients are unable to obtain adequate levels of reimbursement. Significant uncertainty
exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products, as well as to the timing, language, specifications
and other details pertaining to the approval of such products. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, are challenging the prices
charged for medical products and services. Government and other healthcare payers increasingly attempt to contain healthcare costs
by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for products. Even if one of our product candidates is approved by the
FDA, insurance coverage may not be available, and reimbursement levels may be inadequate, to cover such product. If government
and other healthcare payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for one of our products, once approved, market
acceptance of such product could be reduced. Prices in many countries, including many in Europe, are subject to local regulation
and certain pharmaceutical products, such as plasma-derived products, are subject to price controls in several of the world's principal
markets, including many countries within the European Union. In the U.S., where pricing levels for our products are substantially
established by third-party payers, including Medicare, if payers reduce the amount of reimbursement for a product, it may cause
groups or individuals dispensing the product to discontinue administration of the product, to administer lower doses, to substitute
lower cost products or to seek additional price-related concessions. These actions could have a negative effect on our financial
results, particularly in cases where our products command a premium price in the marketplace, or where changes in reimbursement
induce a shift in the site of treatment. The existence of direct and indirect price controls and pressures over our products could
materially adversely affect our financial prospects and performance. The new biosimilar pathway established as part of the
healthcare reform may make it easier for competitors to market biosimilar products. The Healthcare Reform Law introduced an abbreviated licensure
pathway for biological products that are demonstrated to be biosimilar to an FDA-licensed biological product.  A biological
product may be demonstrated to be “biosimilar” if data show that, among other things, the product is “highly
similar” to an already-approved biological product, known as a reference product, and has no clinically meaningful differences
in terms of safety and effectiveness from the reference product. The law provides that a biosimilar application may be submitted
as soon as four years after the reference product is first licensed, and that the FDA may not make approval of an application effective
until 12 years after the reference product was first licensed.  Since the enactment of the law, the FDA has issued several
guidance documents to assist sponsors of biosimilar products in preparing their approval applications.  The FDA approved the
first biosimilar product in 2015, and approved three biosimilar products in 2016.  As a result of the biosimilar pathway in
the U.S., we expect in the future to face greater competition from biosimilar products, including a possible increase in patent
challenges. The implementation of the Healthcare Reform Law in the
U.S. may adversely affect our business. Through the March 2010 adoption of the Healthcare Reform Law
in the U.S., substantial changes are being made to the current system for paying for healthcare in the U.S., including programs
to extend medical benefits to millions of individuals who currently lack insurance coverage. The changes contemplated by the Healthcare
Reform Law are subject to rule-making and implementation timelines that extend for several years, and this uncertainty limits our
ability to forecast changes that may occur in the future. However, implementation has already begun with respect to certain significant
cost-saving measures under the Healthcare Reform Law, for example with respect to several government healthcare programs, including
Medicaid and Medicare Parts B and D, that may cover the cost of our future products, and these efforts could have a material adverse
impact on our future financial prospects and performance. For example, with respect 