— The Chinese government may intervene in or influence our operations
in the Mainland China or Hong Kong at any time or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in us, which could result in a material change in our operations and and/or the value of the securities we are registering for sale”;
“Risk Factors — If the Chinese government were to exert more oversight and control over or impose new requirements for approval
from the PRC authorities to issue our Common Stock to foreign investors or list on a foreign exchange, such action could significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless”; “Risk Factors — If the Chinese government chooses to exert more oversight and
control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, such action could significantly
limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to
significantly decline or be worthless”; and “Risk Factors — The M&A Rules and certain PRC regulations may make
it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions.” Cash may be transferred within
our organization in the following manners: (i) Advanced Biomed may transfer funds to our subsidiaries, including our Shanghai subsidiary,
by way of capital contributions or loans, through intermediate holding subsidiaries or otherwise; (ii) we and our intermediate holding
subsidiaries may provide loans to our operating subsidiaries and vice versa; and (iii) our subsidiaries, including our Shanghai subsidiary,
may make dividends or other distributions to us through intermediate holding companies or otherwise. As of the date of this prospectus,
Advanced Biomed made fourteen capital contributions to Advanced Biomed Inc. (Taiwan) (“Advanced Biomed Taiwan”) and Advanced
Biomed HK to support their research and development. Date Receiving
    Entity Amount
    (US$) June
    29, 2022 Advanced Biomed
    Taiwan 2,500,000 October
    11, 2022 Advanced Biomed Taiwan 86,000 October
    24, 2022 Advanced Biomed HK 100,000 October
    26, 2022 Advanced Biomed HK 500,000 November
    7, 2022 Advanced Biomed Taiwan 122,000 December
    2, 2022 Advanced Biomed HK 110,000 December
    14, 2022 Advanced Biomed Taiwan 85,000 October
    10, 2023 Advanced Biomed HK 70,000 December
    5, 2023 Advanced Biomed HK 300,000 April
    9, 2024 Advanced Biomed HK 150,000 November
    22, 2024 Advanced Biomed HK 110,000 March
    13, 2025 Advanced Biomed HK 2,000,000 March
    20, 2025 Advanced Biomed Taiwan 500,000 March
    20, 2025 Advanced Biomed HK 550,000 Other than the transfers in the table above, we have not made any distribution
of dividends or assets, cash transfers, capital contributions or loans among the holding company or any of our subsidiaries. Any loans
from us or our holding subsidiaries outside of Mainland China to our Shanghai subsidiary, which is treated as a foreign-invested enterprise
(“FIE”) under PRC law, are subject to PRC regulations and foreign exchange loan registrations. Such loans to our FIE subsidiary
to finance its activities must be registered with the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”) or its local counterparts.
PRC laws, regulations and judicial interpretations thereof do not prohibit using cash generated from one subsidiary to fund another subsidiary’s
operations by way of short term interest free loans as long as they comply with relevant laws and procedures. In the future, cash proceeds
raised from overseas financing activities, including this offering, may be transferred by us to our Taiwan and Hong Kong subsidiaries
and Shanghai subsidiary via capital contributions or shareholder loans. As of the date of this prospectus, Advanced Biomed has not made
dividend or other distributions to our stockholders. Advanced Biomed may pay dividends to our stockholders subject to our ability to service
our debts as they become due and provided that our assets will exceed our liabilities after the payment of such dividends. As a holding
company, Advanced Biomed may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our subsidiaries for our cash and liquidity requirements,
including payment of any debt we may incur outside of China and our expenses. If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf
in the future, the instruments governing such debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. To the extent cash or assets in
the business is in the PRC or a PRC subsidiary, the cash or assets may not be available to fund operations or for other use outside of
the PRC due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on our or our subsidiaries’ ability by the PRC
government to transfer cash or assets or distribute earnings within our group or to U.S. investors. PRC laws and regulations applicable
to our Shanghai subsidiary permit payments of dividends only out of their retained earnings, if any, determined in accordance with applicable
accounting standards and regulations. Our Shanghai subsidiary may pay dividends only out of their respective accumulated after-tax profits
as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, our subsidiaries are required to set aside at
least 10% of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds, until the aggregate amount
of such funds reaches 50% of its registered capital. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate a portion of its
after-tax profits to discretionary funds. These reserve funds and discretionary funds are not distributable as cash dividends. Furthermore,
dividends paid by our Shanghai subsidiary to its parent companies will be subject to a 10% withholding tax, which can be reduced to 5%
if certain requirements are met. The PRC government also imposes restrictions on the conversion of RMB into foreign currencies and the
remittance of currencies out of the PRC. As such, we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary
to obtain and remit foreign currency for the payment of dividends from our profits, if any, or transfer cash within our group, across
border, or to U.S. investors. Additionally, current Taiwan regulations only permit our Taiwan subsidiary to pay dividends to its shareholders
out of its accumulated profits, and Advanced Biomed Taiwan must set aside at least 10% of its accumulated profits each year and use it
to make up previous losses, if any. The statutory reserve cannot be distributed as cash dividends. As of the date of this prospectus,
no dividends, transfers, or distributions have been made within our group or to stockholders. We presently intend to retain all earnings
to fund our operations and business expansions and have no plan to distribute earnings to stockholders. We do not anticipate paying dividends
or other distributions to our stockholders, including U.S. investors, in the foreseeable future. See the relevant discussions in “Risk
Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in China” on page 33; “Risk Factors — PRC regulation on loans to, and
direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control in currency conversion may delay or prevent
us from making loans to or making additional capital contributions to our Shanghai subsidiary” on page 38; “Risk Factors —
Our Shanghai subsidiary is subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict our ability
to satisfy our liquidity requirements in the future” on page 38 ; “Risk Factors — Payment of dividends is subject to
restrictions under PRC laws” on page 43 ; and “Risk Factors — Advanced Biomed Taiwan is subject to restrictions on paying
dividend or making other payments to us, which may restrict our ability to satisfy its liquidity requirements” on page 31.” Our Common Stock may be prohibited
from trading on a national exchange or “over-the-counter” markets under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the
“HFCAA”) if the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) determines it is unable to inspect or investigate
completely our auditors for three consecutive years beginning in 2021. Further, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (“AHFCAA”). If the AHFCAA is enacted into law, it would amend the HFCAA and require
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) to prohibit an issuer’s securities from trading on any
U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections or complete investigations for two consecutive years instead
of three. On December 29, 2022, a legislation entitled “Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023” (the “Consolidated Appropriations
Act”), was signed into law by President Biden. The Consolidated Appropriations Act contained, among other things, an identical
provision to HFCAA, which reduces the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA
from three years to two. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report on December 16, 2021, which found that the PCAOB
is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in Mainland China and Hong Kong because
of positions taken by the authorities in those jurisdictions. In addition, the PCAOB’s report identified the specific registered
public accounting firms which are subject to these determinations. On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB signed a Statement of Protocol Agreement
with the CSRC and the Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) of the PRC governing inspections and investigations of audit firms
based in China or Hong Kong. On December 15, 2022, the P