An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Searching for and
Consummating a Business Combination Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that
expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.” As of March 25, 2021, we had
$25,000 in cash and a working capital deficiency of $129,012. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the
section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These
factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this
offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed
initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require
stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a
proposed initial business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination
we complete. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Proposed Business — Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in
addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares and private shares, we would need only 7,500,001, or approximately 37.5% (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or 1,250,001, or approximately 6.25% (assuming only the minimum number of
shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming the over-allotment option is
not exercised). Our initial stockholders will own shares representing 20% of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of this offering (not including the shares of Class A common stock underlying the private
placement warrants). Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor, officers and directors to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. 38 Table of Contents Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we
seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we
describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition
unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into an initial business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business
combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriting
commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if
accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions or such greater amount
necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these
risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an initial business combination with us. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise
redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their
redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the
cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In
addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising
additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B
common stock results in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our
business combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the
underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the
deferred 39 Table of Contents underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The requirement that we complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we
approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we 