. In
evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available
to us. This due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, although
we have no current intention to engage any such third parties. The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently
be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available
to otherwise complete a business combination. Fair
market value of target business or businesses Nasdaq
rules provide that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value
equal to at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. If our securities
are not listed on Nasdaq after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the 80% requirement. However, we intend to satisfy
the 80% requirement even if our securities are not listed on Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination. 62 We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination to acquire 100% of the equity interest or assets of the target business or businesses.
We may, however, structure our initial business combination to acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business,
but we will only consummate such business combination if we will become the majority shareholder of the target (or control the target
through contractual arrangements in limited circumstances for regulatory compliance purposes) or are otherwise not required to register
as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act. Even though we will own a majority interest in the target, our
shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which
we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of
a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our issued
and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. The
fair market value of a target business or businesses or assets will be determined by our board of directors based upon standards generally
accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential gross margins, the values of comparable businesses, earnings and cash
flow, book value and, where appropriate, upon the advice of appraisers or other professional consultants. If our board of directors is
not able to independently determine that the target business or assets has a sufficient fair market value to meet the threshold criterion,
we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm with respect to
the satisfaction of such criterion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless we consummate a business combination with an affiliated entity,
we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that the price
we are paying is fair to our shareholders. Lack
of business diversification For
an indefinite period of time after consummation of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack
of diversification may: ● subject
    us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
    particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and ● cause
    us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited
ability to evaluate the target’s management team Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to be correct. The future
role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Consequently, members
of our management team may not become a part of the target’s management team, and the future management may not have the necessary
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors
will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team
may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may
not remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or
experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 63 Shareholders
may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination In
connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination at
a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for
or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the
trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender
offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the business
combination and subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured
so that each shareholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision
as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to
us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Unlike other blank check
companies which require shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and
related redemptions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combination even when a vote is not required
by law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such shareholder vote and allow our shareholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule
13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with
the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required
under the SEC’s proxy rules. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will consummate our initial
business combination only if we obtain affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of
the company. If
we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition
or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination,
we may be forced to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not
be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the