” and the consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated
financial statements incorporated by reference. The Company Our Business We are a biotechnology company developing and commercializing
technologies to treat cancers and infectious diseases, primarily based on immunological approaches. Our most advanced product, Oncophage ® (vitespen), is a patient-specific therapeutic cancer vaccine registered for use in Russia and under review for conditional authorization by the European Medicines
Agency for the treatment of kidney cancer patients with early-stage disease. Oncophage has been tested in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma, the most common type of kidney cancer, and for metastatic melanoma, and it
has also been tested in Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical trials in a range of indications. It is currently in a Phase 2 clinical trial in recurrent glioma, a type of brain cancer. Our product candidate portfolio also includes (1) QS–21
Stimulon ® adjuvant, or QS-21, which is used in numerous vaccines under development in trials as advanced as Phase 3 for a
variety of diseases, including hepatitis, human immunodeficiency virus, influenza, cancer, Alzheimer’s disease, malaria, and tuberculosis, (2) AG–707, a therapeutic vaccine program tested in a Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment
of genital herpes, and (3) Aroplatin™, a liposomal chemotherapeutic tested in a Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of solid malignancies and B-cell lymphomas. Further internal clinical development of AG-707 and Aroplatin is currently
on hold due to cost-containment efforts. Our related business activities include product research and development, intellectual property prosecution, manufacturing therapeutic vaccines, regulatory and clinical affairs, corporate finance and
development activities, market development, and support of our collaborations. Risk Factors Our business is subject to substantial risk. Please carefully consider the “Risk Factors” section and other information in this prospectus for a
discussion of risks. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
or that we deem currently immaterial may also impair our business operations. Investing in our securities may result in your bearing a complete loss of your investment. Corporate Information Our principal executive office is located at 3 Forbes Road, Lexington, MA
02421, and our telephone number is (781) 674-4400. Our website address is www.antigenics.com. Information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus. 1 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties we describe are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we currently deem
immaterial, may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks were to occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations would likely suffer. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to our Business If we incur operating losses for longer than we expect, or we are not able to raise additional capital, we may be unable to continue our operations, or we may become insolvent. From our inception through June 30, 2009, we have generated net losses totaling $553.8 million. Our net losses for the six months ended
June 30, 2009 and the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were $21.6 million, $30.8 million, $37.9 million, and $52.8 million, respectively. We expect to incur significant losses over the next several years as we continue
research and clinical development of our technologies, apply for regulatory approvals, and pursue commercialization efforts and related activities. Furthermore, our ability to generate cash from operations is dependent on the success of our
licensees and collaborative partners, as well as the likelihood and timing of new strategic licensing and partnering relationships and/or successful commercialization of Oncophage and our various product candidates. If we incur operating losses for
longer than we expect and/or we are unable to raise additional capital, we may become insolvent and be unable to continue our operations. On June 30, 2009, we had $21.1 million in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We believe that, based on our current plans and activities, our working capital resources at June 30, 2009, combined with capital raised
subsequent to the end of the quarter, anticipated revenues, and the estimated proceeds from our license, supply, and collaborative agreements will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements into 2011. We expect to attempt to raise
additional funds in advance of depleting our current funds. For the six months ended June 30, 2009, our average monthly cash used in operating activities was $2.5 million. We do not anticipate significant capital expenditures during 2009. As part of certain private placement agreements, we are required to maintain effective registration statements. If we are unable to
keep the registration statements continuously effective in accordance with the terms of the private placement agreements, we are subject to liquidated damages penalties of up to a maximum of 10% of the aggregate purchase price paid by the original
investors, or $6.4 million. Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity and convertible
notes, interest income earned on cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances, and debt provided through secured lines of credit. In order to finance future operations, we will be required to raise additional funds in the capital
markets, through arrangements with collaborative partners, or from other sources. Additional financing may not be available on favorable
terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional funds when we need them, we will be required to delay, reduce, or eliminate some or all of our development, commercialization and clinical trial programs, including those related to Oncophage.
We also may be forced to license or sell technologies to others under agreements that allocate to third parties substantial portions of the potential value of these technologies. We may also be unable to continue our operations, or we may become
insolvent. Many economists have indicated that the United States economy, and possibly the global economy, has entered into a prolonged
recession. While the ultimate outcome cannot be predicted, this may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition, particularly if our ability to raise additional funds is impaired. The ability of potential patients and/or
health care payers to pay for Oncophage treatments could also be adversely impacted, thereby limiting our potential revenue. In addition, any negative impacts from the deterioration in the credit markets and related financial crisis on our
collaborative partners could limit potential revenue from our product candidates. We have significant long-term debt, and we may not be able to make
interest or principal payments when due. As of June 30, 2009, the principal portion of our total long-term debt, excluding the
current portion, was $52.1 million. Our 5.25% convertible senior notes due February 2025 (the “2005 Notes”) do not restrict our ability or the ability of our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, including debt that effectively
ranks senior to the 2005 Notes. On each of February 1, 2012, February 1, 2015, and February 1, 2020, holders may require us to purchase their notes for cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes, plus any accrued and
unpaid interest. Holders may also require us to repurchase their notes upon a fundamental 2 Table of Contents change, as defined, at a cash price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest, and in some
cases, an additional “make-whole” premium. At maturity of our 8% senior secured convertible notes due August 2011 (the
“2006 Notes”), we may elect to repay the outstanding balance in cash or in common stock, subject to certain limitations. In no event will any of the note holders be obligated to accept equity that would result in them owning in excess of
9.99% of our outstanding common stock at any given time in connection with any conversion, redemption, or repayment of these notes. The 2006 Note agreements include material restrictions on our incurrence of debt and liens while these notes are
outstanding, as well as other customary covenants. Our ability to satisfy our obligations will depend upon our future performance, which
is subject to many factors, including the factors identified in this “Risk Factors” section and other factors beyond our control. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our
indebtedness, we may be required, among other things, to: • seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; • refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; • sell, out-license, or otherwise dispose of assets; and/or • reduce or delay planned expenditures on research and development and/or commercialization activities. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to make principal and interest payments. In addition, any such financing, refinancing, or sale of
assets might not be available on economically favorable terms, if at all. To date, we have had negative cash flows from operations. For
the six months ended June 30, 2009 and the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, net cash used in operating activities was $15.1 million, $28.9 million, $26.7 million, and $44.9 million, respectively. Excluding our 2006 Notes,
which mature in