Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk, and the purchasers of our Common Stock may lose all or part of their investment. Please see “Risk Factors” beginning on page 7 of this prospectus, as well as the other information included in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, for a discussion of risks you should carefully consider before investing in our securities. Nasdaq Capital Market Symbol “POAI” 9 RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a number of risks. Before deciding
to invest in our securities, you should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included
in this prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein, including the discussion under the sections captioned “Risk
Factors” contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any other subsequently filed document that is also incorporated
or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flow could be harmed. This could cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline, resulting in a
loss of all or part of your investment. The risks described in the documents referenced above are not the only ones that we face. Additional
risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. Risks Related to this Offering It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we will
sell under the SEPA to Yorkville, or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. Further, we may not have access to the full
amount available under the SEPA with Yorkville. On July 1, 2025, or the Effective Date, we entered into the SEPA with Yorkville,
pursuant to which Yorkville has committed to purchase up to $10,000,000 of shares of our Common Stock, subject to certain limitations
and conditions set forth in the SEPA. The shares of our Common Stock that may be issued under the SEPA may be sold by us to Yorkville
at our discretion from time to time for a period of up to 36 months, unless the SEPA is earlier terminated. We generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any sales
of our shares of Common Stock to Yorkville under the SEPA. Sales of our Common Stock, if any, to Yorkville will depend upon market conditions
and other factors to be determined by us. We may ultimately decide to sell to Yorkville all, some or none of the shares of our Common
Stock that may be available for us to sell to Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA. Because the per share purchase price that Yorkville will pay for the shares
we may elect to sell pursuant to the SEPA, if any, will fluctuate based on the market prices of our Common Stock prior to each Advance
made pursuant to the SEPA, as of the date of this prospectus, it is not possible for us to predict the number of shares of Common Stock
that we will sell to Yorkville under the SEPA, the purchase price per share that Yorkville will pay for shares purchased from us under
the SEPA, or the aggregate gross proceeds that we will receive from those purchases by Yorkville under the SEPA, if any. Although the SEPA provides that we may sell up to an aggregate of $10,000,000
of our Common Stock to Yorkville, only 1,921,706 shares of our Common Stock are being registered under the Securities Act for resale by
Yorkville under the registration statement that includes this prospectus. If we elect to sell to Yorkville all of the 1,921,706 shares
of Common Stock being registered for resale under this prospectus, depending on the market price of our Common Stock prior to each Advance
made pursuant to the SEPA, the actual gross proceeds from the sale of all such shares may be substantially less than the $10,000,000 available
to us under the SEPA, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity. Unless there is a significant increase in the market price of our Common
Stock, it will be necessary for us to issue and sell to Yorkville under the SEPA more than the 1,921,706 shares being registered for resale
in order to receive aggregate gross proceeds equal to $10,000,000 under the SEPA, and we will be required to file with the SEC one or
more additional registration statements to register under the Securities Act the resale by the Yorkville of any such additional shares
we wish to sell from time to time under the SEPA, which the SEC must declare effective. Further, we would need to obtain stockholder approval
to issue shares of Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap under the SEPA in accordance with applicable Nasdaq rules, unless the sales
prices of all applicable sales of shares of Common Stock under the SEPA equal or exceed $0.83 per share (which represents the lower of
(i) the Nasdaq official closing price (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) immediately prior to the Effective Date or (ii) the average
Nasdaq official closing price for the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the Effective Date). Any issuance and sale by us
under the SEPA of shares of Common Stock in addition to the 1,921,706 shares of Common Stock being registered for resale under the
registration statement that includes this prospectus would cause additional dilution to our stockholders. 10 We are not required or permitted to issue any shares of Common Stock under
the SEPA if such issuance would breach our obligations under the rules or regulations of Nasdaq. In addition, Yorkville will not be required
to, and may not, purchase any shares of our Common Stock if such sale would result in its beneficial ownership exceeding 4.99% of the
then issued and outstanding Common Stock. Finally, the SEPA requires that as of each date on which we require Yorkville to purchase shares,
our Common Stock will be registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and approved for listing on the Principal Market (as defined
in the SEPA). Therefore, a delisting of our Common Stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market would negatively impact our ability to sell shares
to Yorkville. See—Our Common Stock could be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market, which delisting could hinder your ability to
obtain accurate quotations on the price of our Common Stock or dispose of our Common Stock in the secondary market. Our inability to access
a part or all of the amount available under the SEPA, in the absence of any other financing sources, could have a material adverse effect
on our business. Investors who buy shares of Common Stock at different times will
likely pay different prices. Pursuant to the SEPA, we control the timing and amount of any sales of
Common Stock to Yorkville. If and when we do elect to sell shares of our Common Stock to Yorkville pursuant to the SEPA, Yorkville may
resell all, some, or none of such shares in its discretion and at different prices, subject to the terms of the SEPA. As a result, investors
who purchase shares from Yorkville in this offering at different times may experience different outcomes in their investment results.
Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase from Yorkville in this offering as a result of future sales
made by us to Yorkville at prices lower than the prices such investors paid for their shares in this offering. The sale and issuance of our Common Stock to Yorkville will cause
dilution to our existing stockholders, and the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired by Yorkville, or the perception that such sales
may occur, could cause the price of our Common Stock to fall. The purchase price for the shares of Common Stock that we may sell to Yorkville
under the SEPA will fluctuate based on the market price of our Common Stock. Depending on a number of factors, including market liquidity,
sales of such shares of Common Stock may cause the trading price of our Common Stock to fall. If and when we do sell shares of Common Stock to Yorkville, it may resell
all, some, or none of those shares of Common Stock at its discretion, subject to the terms of the SEPA. Therefore, sales of Common Stock
to Yorkville by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our Common Stock. Additionally, the sale
of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock to Yorkville, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for
us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a desirable time and price. Our management team will have broad discretion over the use of the
net proceeds from our sale of shares of Common Stock to Yorkville, if any, and you may not agree with how we use the proceeds and the
proceeds may not be invested successfully. Our management team will have broad discretion as to the use of the net
proceeds from our sale of shares of Common Stock to Yorkville, if any, and we could use such proceeds for purposes other than those contemplated
at the time of commencement of this offering. Accordingly, you will be relying on the judgment of our management team with regard to the
use of those net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds
are being used appropriately. It is possible that, pending their use, we may invest those net proceeds in a way that does not yield a
favorable, or any, return for us. The failure of our management team to use such funds effectively could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. We are pursuing alternatives to obtain additional funding for our
business and to avoid delisting of our Common Stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market, which could change the nature our business and your
investment or cause us to terminate the SEPA. As disclosed in the risk factors below under the heading “— Risk
Factors Related to Our Business, the Securities Market and Ownership of our Common Stock ”, we continue to evaluate alternatives
to obtain ad