An
investment in our securities is highly speculative and subject to numerous and substantial risks. These risks are set forth below. You
should not invest in the Company unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. Readers are encouraged to review these risks carefully
before making any investment decision. Risks
Related to Our Corporate Business : Concentration
of Revenue The
company receives over 90% of its total revenue from four Federal contracts. These contracts have specific terms, typically five years
with the opportunity for extension, but there are no assurances they will be extended. Although we have had several extended in the past,
there is no guarantee this will again happened in the future. However, there are significant direct expenses for each contract that also
are removed from operations at the end of a contract. As a result, the revenue lost from a completed contract does not affect the bottom-line
profits in an amount equal to the revenue lost. The actual net income impact depends on the contract. To mitigate this risk the company
actively pursues additional contracts on an ongoing basis. Long
process in acquiring contracts The
process required to acquire a government contract takes several months to complete prior to delivery of the proposal to the contracting
agency. Due to the time span required to prepare a proposal and wining the contract is not guaranteed, the company maintains a department
of individuals who monitor and write proposals for all government contracts that fit our operating criteria that become open for bid
on a continuing basis. It is important to the company that new contracts are acquired consistently to maintain and grow annual revenue Transitioning
from carve out contracts to open market contracts Currently
the company benefits from several ownership criteria and business size that increases the probability of contract awards. The company
meets the contracting qualifications of disabled veteran and minority owned business. Another aspect of contract opportunities is set
aside for small businesses. This as defined as those who have operating revenue on average over the past five (5) years under $25.5 million.
Currently the company is below this threshold, yet our strategic plan is to move past the average revenue limits within the next 24 months.
This should not be seen as a negative in that we will only exceed this limit once we reach annual revenue of $40 million or more during
the next 24 months, putting us in an excellent financial position to compete with the much larger companies who operate in the $50-$100
million revenue level. Another aspect of our strategy is to acquire similar guard companies who already have small business contracts
with the government which add significantly to our bottom line putting us in even a better position to win additional large government
contracts. Staffing
Shortages Like
all industries today, the guard industry is not exempt from staffing shortages. This is an ongoing challenge and in its worst case can
impact our ability to meet the requirements of the contracts awarded. The company nor our competitors have discovered a silver bullet
to address this challenge. However, we have developed a strategy that we anticipate will help meet the challenge. This strategy does
need to remain confidential so as to not tip our hand to our competitors. We will indicate that we have successfully implemented this
strategy in the past and it was very successful. Impact
of COVID Initially
the impact of the COVID pandemic was positive for the guard industry. Our industry is considered essential and with less activity at
the sites we protect, we were able to meet and exceed the contract requirements with fewer staff and little to no overtime. As a result,
each contract became more profitable than normal full operations. The challenges have actually come after the critical year of 2020.
As the government began to require vaccinations for all employees and contractors, along with quarantine requirements, staffing became
a big problem. Starting in 2021 and continuing to today, these policies implemented by the federal government has made it very difficult
for us to meet the staffing needs and thus as increased overtime expenses to levels never before seen. As we discussed regarding staffing
shortages this is where COVID has had the greatest impact on us, and it continues. However, during August the CDC released new guideline
relating to vaccines, transmission, and quarantines that if implemented by the federal government will help us recover from the staffing
shortages. If the federal government adjusts to the new guidelines, we will see individuals returning to their guard positions. 5 Accelerating
Inflation All
industries struggle when operating in times of inflation like we are experiencing in 2022. The results are increased pressure on salaries,
operational costs increase due to higher fuel prices and the increased cost of all supplies. The one silver lining for the company is
that federal contacts require that the salary increases that we negotiate with the labor union must be covered by increasing the monthly
contracted rate. This of course is stipulated by contract that we do not exceed what is customary in the area with related contracts.
This is significant in that guard salaries account for over 90% of operational costs, reducing the impact of inflation. Key
employees are essential to expanding our business. Lawrence
Garcia and other key employees are essential to our ability to continue to grow and expand our business. Mr. Garcia, as owner, allows
the company to bid on the restricted contracts that we discussed earlier regarding transitioning out of the special carveout contracts.
Other long-term employees have significant impact on the success of operations and understanding of the industry. They have established
relationships within the industry in which we operate. If Mr. Garcia or any of the long-term employees were to leave the company, our
growth strategy might be hindered, which could materially affect our business and limit our ability to increase revenue. However, we
are taking steps to implement process and procedure to insure no single person lost would be detrimental to our long- term success. If
we are unable to establish appropriate internal financial reporting controls and procedures, it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations, result in the restatement of our financial statements, harm our operating results, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and
sanction, cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and have a negative effect on the market price for
shares of our Common Stock. Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We maintain a system of
internal control over financial reporting, which is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. As
a public company, we have significant requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. We will be required to document
and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The process of designing
and implementing effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business
and the economic and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate
to satisfy our reporting obligations as a public company. Although
our management team, CEO and CFO, have not specifically managed a publicly traded company, we do have experience with the issues and
requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The company CFO is a California CPA with over 30 years of experience in business operations and has
been through multiple financial statement audits that required compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Management has already identified
individuals and consultants who can support management’s efforts to comply with all internal controls and reporting requirements.
The company is confident we will be able to meet all requirements. Technology
innovations in the markets that we serve may create alternatives to our products and result in reduced sales . Technology
innovations to which our current and potential customers might have access to, could reduce or eliminate their need for our services.
Like all industries as new or other disruptive technology that reduces or eliminates the use of one or more of our services could negatively
impact the need for our services. However, our management team and board of directors are aware of this challenge and are very innovative
and forward thinking. Yet, our failure to develop, introduce or enhance our services able to compete with new technologies in a timely
manner could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. The management team is continually
focused on improvements and new technology to insure we are not left behind. 6 We
may engage in a business combination that causes tax consequences to us and our shareholders. Federal
and state tax consequences can be a significant factor in considering any business combination that we may undertake. As a result, such
transactions may be subject to significant taxation to the buyer and its shareholders under applicable federal and s