: You should carefully consider the information set forth in this prospectus and, in particular, the specific factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 3 of this prospectus before deciding whether or not to invest in shares of our common stock. Summary of Financial Data The following information represents selected audited financial information for our company for the years ended August 31, 2019 and 2018 and selected unaudited financial information for our Company for the nine-month periods ended May 31, 2020 and 2019. The summarized financial information presented below is derived from and should be read in conjunction with our audited and unaudited financial statements, as applicable, including the notes to those financial statements which are included elsewhere in this prospectus along with the section entitled Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this prospectus. Statements of Operations Data Year Ended August 31, 2019 Year Ended August 31, 2018 Nine Months Ended May 31, 2020 Nine Months Ended May 31, 2019 Total Operating Expenses $ 121,317 $ 134,376 $ 1,306,186 $ 109,283 Loss from Operations $ (121,317 ) $ (134,376 ) $ 1,306,186 $ 109,283 Interest Expense, net $ 11,335 $ 24,824 $ 4,524 $ 6,741 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt $ - $ 42,629,753 $ - $ - Other Expense, net $ 11,335 $ 42,788,953 $ 4,524 $ 6,741 Net Loss $ (132,652 ) $ (42,788,953 ) $ (1,310,710 ) $ (116,024 ) Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Share $ (6.45 ) $ (3,875.40 ) $ (0.46 ) $ (0.11 ) Balance Sheets Data As of August 31, 2019 As of August 31, 2018 As of May 31, 2020 Cash $ 93 $ 2,125 $ 17 Total Assets $ 93 $ 2,265 $ 17 Total Liabilities $ 125,878 $ 55,398 $ 43,704 Total Stockholders’ Equity Deficit $ (125,785 ) $ (53,133 ) $ (43,687 ) 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this offering memorandum, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations would suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline and you might lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business, financial conditions and results of operations. Business Risk Factors Risks Related to Financing and the Need for Capital We are a pre-clinical stage pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history . We are a pre-clinical stage pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. The Company needs to complete design, development and additional pre-clinical studies of its product programs before submitting for authorization to initiate human clinical trials under an IND (Investigational New Drug) to eventually support a New Drug Application, or NDA, in order to commercialization can commence. The likelihood of success of our business plan must be considered in light of the problems, substantial expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with developing and expanding early-stage businesses and the regulatory and competitive environment in which we operate. Pharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking, involves a substantial degree of risk and is a capital-intensive business. Accordingly, potential investors should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of development, especially clinical pharmaceutical companies such as ours. Investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties that a company with a limited operating history will face. In particular, potential investors should consider that the Company cannot assure that it will be able to: · successfully implement or execute the current business plan, and we cannot assure that the business plan is sound; · successfully manufacture our clinical product and establish commercial drug supply; · obtain Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, licenses necessary for the manufacturing of several of the proposed products for evaluation in clinical trials; · successfully complete the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval for the commercial release of the Company’s products; · secure market exclusivity and/or adequate intellectual property protection for the proposed products; · attract and retain an experienced management and advisory team; · secure adoption of the Company products in the medical community and with third party payors and consumers; · launch commercial sales of the Company products, whether alone or in collaboration with other strategic partners and/or distributors; and · raise sufficient funds in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan. If we cannot successfully execute any one of the foregoing, the business may not succeed and investor capital will be adversely affected. We have incurred operating losses in each year since our inception and expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future. We may never become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, be able to sustain profitability. Furthermore, the Company has incurred operating losses in the prior year(s) since our inception and expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future. We may never become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, be able to sustain profitability. 3 Table of Contents We expect to incur substantial expenses without corresponding revenues unless and until we are able to obtain regulatory approval and successfully commercialize the proposed products. We may never be able to obtain regulatory approval for one or more of the products in any indication in the United States or internationally. Even if our regulatory process is successful with one or more of our product candidates, there can be no assurance that we will generate significant revenues or ever achieve profitability. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our business. In December 2019, a strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, and has spread globally, and on March 12, 2020, the WHO declared COVID-19 to be a pandemic. In an effort to contain and mitigate the spread of COVID-19, many countries, including the United States, have imposed unprecedented restrictions on travel, quarantines, and other public health safety measures. Such government-imposed precautionary measures may have been relaxed in certain countries or states, but there is no assurance that more strict measures will be put in place again due to a resurgence in COVID-19 cases. The rapidly evolving nature of the circumstances is such that it is impossible, at this stage, to determine the full and overall impact the COVID-19 pandemic may have, but it could disrupt production and cause delays in the supply and delivery of products used in our research and development efforts, adversely affect our employees, and disrupt our operations, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the pandemic may have an adverse effect on the ability of regulatory bodies to grant approvals or supervise our candidates and products, may further divert the attention and efforts of the medical community to coping with the coronavirus and disrupt the marketplace in which we operate and may have a material adverse effects on our operations. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has created significant economic uncertainty and volatility in the credit and capital markets. Management plans to secure the necessary financing through the issue of new equity and/or the entering into of strategic partnership arrangements; however, there is no assurance that our management will be able to obtain such financing on reasonable terms or at all. A continuation or worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility seen in the recent past could have an adverse effect on our ability to access capital and on the market price of our common stock, and we may not be able to successfully raise capital through the sale of our securities. If we are unsuccessful in commercializing our products or raising capital, we may need to reduce activities, curtail or cease operations. In addition, a significant outbreak of COVID-19 or other infectious diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, resulting in an economic downturn that could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization We will depend heavily on the success of our proposed products. If we are unable to generate revenues from our products, we will likely need to cease operations. We will depend entirely on the success of our proposed products. If we are unable to generate revenues, our ability to create stockholder value will be limited. Despite the attempt to develop a diversified series of product opportunities to mitigate the risks associated with any single development effort, we will be required to complete Phase 1 safety studies before evaluating efficacy in subsequent clinical studies. There is no guarantee that our clinical trials will be successful or that we will continue with clinical studies to support any approvals from the FDA for any indication. We acknowledges that most drug candidates never reach the clinical development stage and even those that do have only a small chance of successfully completing clinical development and gaining regulatory approval. Therefore, our business currently depends entirely