,” on page 4, above, investor perception of Cumberland and general
economic and market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or
liquid market will ever develop for the shares of our common stock. Shares
of Common Stock distributed pursuant to this prospectus will be freely
transferable, except for shares of our Common Stock received by persons who may
be deemed to be “affiliates” of Cumberland under the Securities Act. Persons who
may be deemed to be affiliates of Cumberland generally include individuals or
entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with us,
and may include our senior officers and directors, as well as principal
stockholders. Persons who are affiliates will be permitted to sell their shares
of Common Stock only pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act, such as the exemption afforded by Section 4(1) of the Securities
Act or Rule 144 adopted under the Securities Act. 19 Penny
Stock Regulations Our
common stock will be considered a “penny stock” as defined by Section 3(a)(51)
and Rule 3a51-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. A penny stock is any
stock that: ● sells
      for less than $5 a share, ● is
      not listed on an exchange, and ● is
      not a stock of a “substantial issuer.” We
are not now a “substantial issuer” and cannot become one until we have net
tangible assets of at least $5 million, which we do not now have. Statutes
and SEC regulations impose strict requirements on brokers that recommend penny
stocks. Before a broker-dealer can recommend and sell a penny stock to a new
customer who is not an institutional accredited investor, the broker-dealer must
obtain from the customer information concerning the person’s financial
situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Then, the
broker-dealer must “reasonably determine” ● that
      transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the person and ● the
      person, or his/her advisor, is capable of evaluating the risks in penny
      stocks. After
making this determination, the broker-dealer must furnish the customer with a
written statement describing the basis for this suitability determination. The
customer must sign and date a copy of the written statement and return it to the
broker-dealer. Finally the broker-dealer must also obtain from the customer a
written agreement to purchase the penny stock, identifying the stock and the
number of shares to be purchased. Compliance with these requirements can often
delay a proposed transaction and can result in many broker-dealer firms adopting
a policy of not allowing their representatives to recommend penny stocks to
their customers. Another
SEC rule requires a broker-dealer that recommends the sale of a penny stock to a
customer to furnish the customer with a “risk disclosure document.” This
document includes a description of the penny stock market and how it functions,
its inadequacies and shortcomings, and the risks associated with investments in
the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also disclose the stock’s bid and
ask price information and the dealer’s and salesperson’s compensation for the
proposed transaction. Finally, the broker-dealer must furnish the customer with
a monthly statement including specific information relating to market and price
information about the penny stocks held in the customer’s account. The
above penny stock regulatory scheme is a response by the Congress and the SEC to
abuses in the marketing of low-priced securities by “boiler room” operators. The
scheme imposes market impediments on the sale and trading of penny stocks. It
limits a stockholder’s ability to resell a penny stock. Our
management believes that the market for penny stocks has suffered from patterns
of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: ● Control
      of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are
      often related to the promoter or issuer; ● Manipulation
      of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false
      and misleading press releases; ● “ Boiler room ” practices involving
      high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by
      inexperienced sales persons; ● Excessive
      and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling
      broker-dealers; and ● Wholesale
      dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after
      prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable
      collapse of those prices with consequent investor
losses. State
Securities – Blue Sky Laws Transfer
of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities laws or
securities regulations promulgated by various states and foreign jurisdictions,
commonly referred to as “Blue Sky” laws. Absent compliance with such individual
state laws, our common stock may not be traded in such jurisdictions. Because
the securities registered hereunder have not been registered for resale under
the blue sky laws of any state, the holders of such shares and persons who
desire to purchase them in any trading market that might develop in the future,
should be aware that there may be significant state blue-sky law restrictions
upon the ability of investors to resell the securities and of purchasers to
purchase the securities. Accordingly, investors may not be able to liquidate
their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an
indefinite period of time. 20 DISCLOSURE
OF COMMISSION POSITION OF INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES We
have adopted provisions that limit the liability of our Directors for monetary
damages for breach of their fiduciary duty as directors, except for liability
that cannot be eliminated under the Nevada Revised Statutes. Nevada law provides
that directors of a company will not be personally liable for monetary damages
for breach of their fiduciary duty as directors, except for liabilities: ● for any breach of their
      fiduciary duty of loyalty to Cumberland or its security
  holders; ● for acts or omissions
      which involve intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of
      law; ● for unlawful payment of
      dividend or unlawful stock repurchase or redemption, as provided under
      Section 78.300 of the Nevada Revised Statutes;
or, ● for any transaction
      from which the director derived an improper personal
  benefit. In
addition, our bylaws provide for the indemnification of officers, directors and
third parties acting on our behalf, to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada
Revised Statutes, if our board of directors authorizes the proceeding for which
such person is seeking indemnification (other than proceedings that are brought
to enforce the indemnification provisions pursuant to the bylaws). These
indemnification provisions may be sufficiently broad to permit indemnification
of the Cumberland’s executive officers and directors for liabilities (including
reimbursement of expenses incurred) arising under the Securities Act of
1933. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may
be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the
foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of
the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. No pending material
litigation or proceeding involving our directors, executive officers, employees
or other agents as to which indemnification is being sought exists, and we are
not aware of any pending or threatened material litigation that may result in
claims for indemnification by any of our directors or executive officers. LEGAL
MATTERS The
legality of the shares offered hereby will be passed upon for us by the Barnett
& Linn, Attorneys at Law, 23945 Calabasas Road, Suite 115, Calabasas,
California 91302. EXPERTS Our
financial statements for the period from inception on January 19, 2010 through
December 31, 2011 included in this prospectus have been audited by LBB
& Associates Ltd., LLP, independent registered public accounting firm,
Houston, Texas, as set forth in their report included in this prospectus. Their
report is provided on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. No
expert or counsel named in this prospectus as having prepared or certified any
part of this prospectus or having given an opinion upon the validity of the
securities being registered or upon other legal matters in connection with the
registration or offering of the common stock was employed on a contingency
basis, or had, or is to receive, in connection with the offering, a substantial
interest, direct or indirect, in the registrant. Nor was any such person
connected with the registrant as a promoter, managing or principal underwriter,
voting trustee, director, officer, or employee. CHANGES
IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There
have not been any changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and
financial disclosure or any other matters. 21 WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act of 1933 regarding the shares of Common Stock offered
hereby. This prospectus does not contain all of the information found in the
registration statement, portions of which are omitted as permitted under the
rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information regarding us and the
securities offered by this prospectus, please refer to the registration
statement, including its exhibits and schedules. Statements made in this
prospectus concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document
filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are summaries of the terms of
those documents. The registration statement 