An investment in our Common Stock involves a variety of risks, some of which are specific to us and some of which are inherent to the industry in which we operate. The following risks and other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” should be read carefully before investing in our Common Stock. These risks may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Many of these risks are out of our direct control, though efforts are made to manage those risks while optimizing financial results. These risks are not the only risks we face. This prospectus is qualified in its entirety by all these risk factors. References in this section to the “Company,” “American Integrity,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer to American Integrity Insurance Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Risks Related to Our Business As a property and casualty insurer, we may face significant losses, and exposure to catastrophic events and severe weather conditions may cause our financial results to significantly vary from period to period. Because of the exposure of our property and casualty business to catastrophic events, our operating results or financial condition have varied, and may in the future vary, significantly from one period to the next, and our historical results of operations may not be indicative of future results of operations. Property damage resulting from catastrophes is the greatest risk of loss we face in the ordinary course of our business. Artificial or natural disasters, including but not limited to hurricanes, convective storms, tornadoes, tropical storms, sinkholes, windstorms, hailstorms and other severe weather events may cause catastrophes. The frequency and severity of property insurance claims typically increase when catastrophic events and severe weather conditions occur. Catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and difficult to project. As a result, we have in the past and may in the future, suffer financial loss due to unpredictable numbers of claims as catastrophes occur. The loss estimates developed by the models we use are dependent upon assumptions or scenarios incorporated by a third-party developer and by us. When these assumptions or scenarios do not reflect the characteristics of catastrophic events that affect areas covered by our policies or the resulting economic conditions, then we become exposed to losses not covered by our reinsurance program, which could adversely affect our financial condition, business or results of operations. Although we use widely recognized and commercially available models to estimate our exposure to loss from hurricanes and certain other catastrophes, other models exist that might produce a wider or narrower range of loss estimates, or loss estimates from perils considered less significant to our insured risks. These models are constantly changing, and we may utilize different models than we have historically. Despite our catastrophe management programs, we retain material exposure to catastrophic events. Additionally, the models themselves produce a range of results and associated probabilities of occurrence from which we can assess risks of exposure to catastrophic loss. Extreme catastrophe scenarios exist within the modeling results that may also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations during any reporting period due to increases in our losses. Catastrophes may reduce or otherwise impact liquidity, which could have a negative impact on our business. Catastrophes have eroded and in the future may erode our statutory surplus or ability to obtain adequate reinsurance, which could negatively affect our ability to write new or renewal business. Catastrophic claim severity is impacted by the effects of inflation and increases in insured value and factors such as the overall claims, legal and litigation environments in affected areas, in addition to the geographic concentration of insured property. Our loss reserves are estimates and may be inadequate to cover our actual liability for losses, which could adversely affect our business. We maintain reserves to cover our estimated ultimate liabilities for losses and LAE, also referred to as loss reserves. Our loss reserves are based primarily on our historical data and statistical projections of what we believe the resolution and administration of claims will cost based on facts and circumstances then known to us. 21 Table of Contents Our claims experience and our experience with the risks related to certain claims are inherently limited. We use company historical data to the extent it is available and rely on industry historical data, which may not be indicative of future periods. As a result, our projections and our estimates may be inaccurate, which in turn may cause our actual losses to exceed our loss reserves. If our actual losses exceed our loss reserves, our financial results, our ability to expand our business and our ability to compete in the property and casualty insurance industry may be negatively affected. Because of the inherent uncertainties in the reserving process, we cannot be certain that our reserves will be adequate to cover our actual losses and LAE. If our reserves for unpaid losses and LAE are less than actual losses and LAE, we will be required to increase our reserves with a corresponding reduction in our net income in the period in which the deficiency is identified. Future losses and LAE that exceed our reserves could substantially harm our results of operations or financial condition. Because we conduct substantially all of our business in Florida, our financial results depend on the regulatory, legal, economic and weather conditions in Florida. Though we are licensed to transact insurance business in other states, we write substantially all of our policies in Florida. Because of our concentration in Florida, we are exposed to hurricanes, windstorms and other catastrophes affecting Florida. We have incurred and may in the future incur higher catastrophe losses in Florida or elsewhere than those we experienced in prior years; those estimated by catastrophe models we use; the average expected level used in pricing; and our current reinsurance coverage limits. We are also subject to claims arising from non-catastrophic weather events such as rain, hail and high winds. Additionally, in Florida, despite the recent decrease in the frequency of claims due in part to recent legislative reforms, the severity of costs associated with both catastrophe claims and non-catastrophe claims has continued to increase. The nature and level of future catastrophes, the incidence and severity of weather conditions in any future period, and the impact of catastrophes on behaviors related to non-catastrophe claims cannot be predicted and could materially and adversely impact our operations. Therefore, prevailing regulatory, consumer behavior, legal, economic, political, demographic, competitive, weather and other conditions in Florida affect our revenues and profitability. The Florida legislature changes laws related to property insurance frequently and has done so more often in recent years. While some of these law changes have been designed to reduce abuses in the Florida market and reinvigorate admitted market interest in expanding writings, other law changes have imposed new or increased requirements on insurers that might prove to be detrimental to our business. In addition, extended implementation periods, ensuing regulatory rule making timelines and periods of uncertainty as opponents of the changes challenge them in court often follow changes to Florida’s insurance laws. Resulting delays in the effectiveness of new laws, even when intended to be beneficial for the insurance industry, may limit or delay the laws’ impact on our business. Adverse changes in these conditions in Florida have a more pronounced effect on us than they would on other insurance companies that are more geographically diversified throughout the United States. A single catastrophic event, or a series of such events, specifically affecting Florida, particularly in the more densely populated areas of the state, have had and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. This is particularly true in certain Florida counties where we write a large amount of policies such that a catastrophic event or series of catastrophic events in these counties could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our concentration in Florida subjects us to increased exposure to certain catastrophic events and destructive weather patterns such as hurricanes, tropical storms and tornadoes and to the ensuing claims-related behaviors that have characterized the Florida market in recent years. While we operate substantially all of our business in Florida, we have expanded our business into other geographical markets, and there is no guarantee that such expansion will be successful or that the underwriting and profitability criteria we utilize in Florida will successfully translate to other states. In addition, we are and 22 Table of Contents will continue to be subject to regulatory, legal, economic and weather conditions in the states where we will write policies, which are often different than the conditions we face in Florida. As a result, we may not be able to adjust to changing conditions in other states in which we write policies due to our focus and expertise in Florida, and as a result, our results of operations may be materially affected. Changing climate conditions may increase the severity and frequency of catastrophic events and severe weather conditions, which may adversely affect our business. Longer-term weather trends may be changing, and new types of catastrophe losses may be