” or in other parts of this
prospectus. The last day of our fiscal year is December 31. Our fiscal quarters end on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31, and our current fiscal year will end on December 31, 2016. Overview Airgain is a leading provider
of embedded antenna technologies used to enable high performance wireless networking across a broad range of home, enterprise, and industrial devices. Our innovative antenna systems open up exciting new possibilities in wireless services requiring
high speed throughput, broad coverage footprint, and carrier grade quality. Our antennas are found in devices deployed in carrier, enterprise, and residential wireless networks and systems, including set top boxes, access points, routers, gateways,
media adapters, and digital televisions. Through our pedigree in the design, integration, and testing of high performance embedded antenna technology, we have become a leading provider to the residential wireless local area networking, also known as
WLAN or Wi-Fi, antenna market, supplying to leading carriers, Original Equipment Manufacturers, or OEMs, Original Design Manufacturers, or ODMs, and system designers who depend on us to achieve their wireless performance goals. We also develop
embedded antenna technology for adjacent markets, including enterprise Wi-Fi systems for on premises and cloud-based services, and for small cellular applications such as Pico and Femto Cells using Long-Term Evolution, or LTE, and Digital Enhanced
Cordless Telecommunications, or DECT, and high-performance designs for the in-building wireless market. We shipped approximately
87 million antenna products worldwide in 2015 used in approximately 34 million devices. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we shipped approximately 115 million antenna products worldwide used in approximately 39 million devices.
Our products are found in a broad range of devices that generally enable Wi-Fi connectivity for data and video coverage. We sell our products to OEMs and ODMs. These companies compete based on product performance, product features, price, and other
factors. While our products are found in devices manufactured by global OEMs and ODMs, the products end up primarily in the end-user devices that are deployed in carrier, enterprise, and residential wireless networks, access points, routers,
residential gateways, set-top boxes, media adapters, and digital televisions. Our global sales force works with telecommunications and broadband carriers and retail-focused customers who seek high performance, reliable wireless solutions. By working
with these end-user carriers and retail-focused customers, we seek to have service providers influence OEMs and ODMs to specify our antennas for the products they provide to their end-user customers. Our direct sales team works directly with
customers, and also works with indirect channel partners who pursue sales opportunities that are based in the United States, Europe, and Asia. Our sales cycle can be short or lengthy depending upon the specific situation; however, the majority of our revenues are derived from device
designs with life-cycles of over 12 months. For some recurring customers, we are able to commence volume production of equipment that incorporates our products in less than one calendar quarter. In situations where we are selling to a new customer,
it may take 12 to 18 months from initial meeting to achieve a design win. Competition generally lengthens the sales process, but our past performance and ability to provide high throughput, highly reliable antenna solutions can shorten the process.
We intend to continue investing for long-term growth. We have invested and expect to continue to invest heavily in our product development efforts to address customer needs, and enable solutions that can address new end markets, such as alternative
wireless connectivity technologies. In addition, we expect to continue to expand our sales force and engineering organizations and to make additional capital expenditures to further penetrate markets both in the United States and internationally,
and to continue to expand our research and development for new product offerings and technology solutions. 38 Table of Contents Although our sales cycle can be lengthy depending on the specific situation, the majority of our
revenues are derived from device designs with life-cycles of over a year. In 2015, 80% of our product revenues were from devices in the marketplace for over two years, 11% for devices in the marketplace for one to two years and 9% for devices in the
marketplace for less than one year. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, 42% of our product revenues were from devices in the marketplace for over two years, 35% for devices in the marketplace for one to two years and 23% for devices in the
marketplace for less than one year. We believe demand is growing rapidly for our antenna solutions and there is a significant market
opportunity. As the ability to provide mobile internet access has grown, our solutions and expertise have become more important to prospects and customers. As a passive component, embedded antennas can be viewed as a commodity. However, our design,
engineering, and research show that antenna selection, placement, and testing can have significant improvements in device performance. We believe that we are chosen when performance is a more significant factor than price, and our distinctive focus
on superior designs that provide increased range and throughput has allowed us to build a leadership position in the in-home WLAN antenna market. Our sales increased 9% last year, from $25.5 million for 2014 to $27.8 million for 2015. Sales have increased each year since 2011, from $10.0
million in 2011 to $18.2 million in 2012, $25.4 million in 2013, $25.5 million in 2014, and $27.8 million in 2015. However, our historical sales growth has been somewhat inconsistent and should not be considered indicative of our future performance.
Our net loss has decreased from net losses of $5.1 million in 2011 and $1.1 million in 2012 to net income of $0.2 million in 2013 and $3.6 million in 2014 to a net loss of $0.3 million in 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our net
income was $2.6 million. Factors Affecting Our Operating Results We believe that our performance and future success depend upon several factors, including the average selling price of our products per device,
the number of antennas per device, manufacturing costs, investments in our growth, and our ability to diversify the number of devices that incorporate our antenna products. Our customers are extremely price conscious, and our operating results are
affected by pricing pressure which may force us to lower prices below our established list prices. In addition, a few end customer devices which incorporate our antenna products comprise a significant amount of our sales, and the discontinuation or
modification of such devices may materially and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. We have seen the number of devices increase 69% and number of antennas per device increase 20% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 when
compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our ability to maintain or increase our sales depends on new and existing end customers selecting our antenna solutions for their devices and depends on investments in our growth to address
customer needs, target new end markets, develop our product offerings and technology solutions and expand internationally. While each of these areas presents significant opportunities for us, they also pose significant risks and challenges we must
successfully address. See the section entitled “Risk Factors.” Seasonality Our operating results historically have not been subject to significant seasonal variations. However, our operating results are affected by how
customers make purchasing decisions around local holidays in China. For example, a national holiday the first week of October in China may cause customers to purchase product in the third quarter ahead of their holiday season to account for higher
volume requirements in the fourth quarter. In addition, although it is difficult to make broad generalizations, our sales tend to be lower in the first quarter of each year compared to other quarters due to the Chinese New Year. Results for any
quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year and these patterns may change as a result of general customer demand or product cycles. 39 Table of Contents Key Components of Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition Sales We primarily generate
revenue from the sales of our products. As discussed further in “—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Revenue Recognition” below, we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. We generally recognize sales at the time of shipment to our customers, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. Although currently
insignificant, we may also generate service revenue derived from agreements to provide design, engineering, and testing to a customer. Cost of
Goods Sold The cost of goods sold reflects the cost of producing antenna products that are shipped for our customers’
devices. This primarily includes manufacturing costs of our products payable to our third-party contract manufacturers. The cost of goods sold that we generate from services provided to customers primarily includes personnel costs. Operating Expenses Our operating
expenses are classified into three categories: research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative. For each category, the largest component is personnel costs, which includes salaries, employee benefit costs, bonuses, and
stock-based compensation. Opera