—Risks Related to Our Business.”
In the jurisdictions where Jaunt plans to sell its products, the commercial use of its passenger-grade AAVs, and in some cases of its
non-passenger-grade AAVs, is subject to an uncertain or lengthy approval process. We cannot predict when regulations will change, and
any new regulations may impose onerous requirements and restrictions with which Jaunt, its AAVs and its potential customers may be unable
to comply. As a result, Jaunt may be limited in, or completely restricted from, growing its business in the foreseeable future. 97 Avionics Aspen
Avionics designs and manufactures equipment under worldwide aviation regulatory agency approvals. These include but are not limited to
FAA, EASA, TCCA, and ENAC (Brazil) regulations. These govern the design test, certification, installation, and manufacturing of Aspen’s
equipment. The
FAA regulates the manufacture, repair and operation of all aircraft and aircraft parts operated in the United States. Its regulations
are designed to ensure that all aircraft and aviation equipment are continuously maintained in proper condition to ensure safe operation
of the aircraft. Similar rules apply in other countries. All aircraft must be maintained under a continuous condition monitoring program
and must periodically undergo thorough inspection and maintenance. The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for the various
types of aircraft and equipment are prescribed by regulatory authorities and can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing
certified technicians. Certification and conformance is required prior to installation of a part on an aircraft. Aircraft operators must
maintain logs concerning the utilization and condition of aircraft engines, life-limited engine parts and airframes. In addition, the
FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft engines, some engine parts, and airframes at regular intervals
based on cycles or flight time. Engine maintenance must also be performed upon the occurrence of certain events, such as foreign object
damage in an aircraft engine or the replacement of life-limited engine parts. Such maintenance usually requires that an aircraft engine
be taken out of service. Aspen Avionics’ operations may in the future be subject to new and more stringent regulatory requirements.
In that regard, Aspen Avionics closely monitors the FAA and industry trade groups in an attempt to understand how possible future regulations
might impact it. Our businesses that sell defense products directly to the U.S. government or for use in systems delivered to the U.S.
government can be subject to various laws and regulations that govern pricing and other factors. Import/Export
Regulations . Aspen Avionics sells products and solutions to customers all over the world and is required to comply with U.S.
Export Administration Regulations and U.S., EU and other economic and trade sanctions programs limiting or banning sales into certain
countries. Countries outside of the United States have implemented similar controls and sanction regulations. Together these controls
and regulations may impose licensing requirements on exports of certain technology and software from the United States and the EU and
may impact Aspen Avionics’ ability to transact business in certain countries or with certain customers. Aspen Avionics has developed
compliance programs and training to prevent violations of these programs and regulations, and regularly monitors changes in the law and
regulations and create strategies to deal with changes. Changes in the law may restrict or further restrict Aspen’s ability to
sell products and solutions. Anti-Corruption
Regulations . Because Aspen Avionics has significant international operations, it must comply with complex regulations, including
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials,
and anticompetition regulations. Aspen Avionics has compliance policies, programs and training to prevent non-compliance with such anti-corruption
regulations in the United States and outside the United States. Aspen Avionics monitors pending and proposed legislation and regulatory
changes that may impact its business and develops strategies to address the changes and incorporate them into existing compliance programs. Environmental
Regulations . Aspen Avionics’ facilities and operations are subject to numerous domestic and international laws and regulations
designed to protect the environment, particularly with regard to waste and emissions. The applicable environmental laws and regulations
are common within the industries and markets in which Aspen Avionics operates and serves. Aspen Avionics believes that it has complied
with these requirements and that such compliance has not had a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows or equity. Aspen Avionics has installed waste treatment facilities and pollution control equipment to satisfy legal requirements
and to achieve its waste minimization and prevention goals. 98 Electronic
products are subject to governmental environmental regulation in a number of jurisdictions, such as domestic and international requirements
requiring end-of-life management and/or restricting materials in products delivered to customers, including the European Union’s
Directive 2012/19/EU on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment and Directive 2011/65/EU on the Restriction of the use of certain Hazardous
Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment, as amended. Other jurisdictions have adopted similar legislation. Such requirements
typically are not applicable to most equipment produced by Aspen Avionics. Aspen Avionics believes that it has complied with such rules
and regulations, where applicable, with respect to its existing products sold into such jurisdictions. Aspen Avionics intends to comply
with such rules and regulations with respect to its future products. Wireless
Communications Regulations . Wireless communications, whether radio, satellite or telecommunications, are also subject to governmental
regulation. Equipment produced in Aspen Avionics’ Communication Systems and Space and Airborne Systems segments, in particular,
is subject to domestic and international requirements to avoid interference among users of radio and television frequencies and to permit
interconnection of telecommunications equipment. Aspen Avionics is also required to comply with technical operating and licensing requirements
that pertain to its wireless licenses and operations. Aspen Avionics believes that it has complied with such rules and regulations and
licenses with respect to its existing products and services, and it intends to comply with such rules and regulations and licenses with
respect to its future products and services. Governmental reallocation of the frequency spectrum could impact Aspen Avionics’ business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Environmental
Regulation Operations
in all of our segments are subject to extensive, and frequently changing, federal, state and local environmental laws and substantial
related regulation by government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency. Among other matters, these regulatory authorities
impose requirements that regulate the operation, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials; protect the health and
safety of workers; and require us to obtain and maintain licenses and permits in connection with our operations. This extensive regulatory
framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on us. Notwithstanding these burdens, we believe that we are in material compliance
with all federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing our operations. To date, there have been no material adverse
effect to our consolidated financial statements nor competitive positions as a result of these environmental regulations. Other
Regulation We
are also subject to a variety of other regulations including work-related and community safety laws. The Occupational Safety and Health
Act of 1970 mandates general requirements for safe workplaces for all employees and established the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
(“OSHA”) in the Department of Labor. In particular, OSHA provides special procedures and measures for the handling of certain
hazardous and toxic substances. In addition, specific safety standards have been promulgated for workplaces engaged in the treatment,
disposal or storage of hazardous waste. Requirements under state law, in some circumstances, may mandate additional measures for facilities
handling materials specified as extremely dangerous. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with OSHA’s health
and safety requirements. Legal
Proceedings A
civil action was filed against Old AGI, Inc. in the Circuit Court of Cook County, State of Illinois in February 2022. The claimant alleges
that an agreement for certain services entered into in March 2020 was breached and resulted in damages to claimant. This case was dismissed
on July 5, 2022. However, the court allowed the claimant to amend its complaint. On August 5, 2022, the claimant filed its amended complaint,
and we filed our response on October 12, 2022. The parties have engaged in discovery and mandatory arbitration. The arbitration resulted
in an award in our favor, which was contested by the claimant. On December 19, 2024, the Circuit Court denied our motion for summary
judgment. At this time, it is not possible to estimate the amount of loss or probable losses, if any, that might result from an adverse
resolution of this matter. This matter was set for trial in June of 2025, but was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice on June 4,
2025. 99 Civil
actions were filed against CDI and individual guarantors in the Tioga County Court, State of P