See
    “Risk Factors” and other information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference
    for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The
    Nasdaq Capital Market ticker symbol “AIXC” (1) Represents
    the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of 39,943 shares of Series B Preferred held by the Selling Stockholders,
    Each share of Series B Preferred has a stated value of $1,000 and is convertible into a number of shares of our common stock equal
    to the stated value divided by the conversion price of $2.246 per share of Series B Preferred. Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d),
    stockholder approval is required before we may issue shares of common stock upon conversion of the Series B Preferred in excess of
    19.99% of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of closing of the offering of the Series B Preferred Shares.
    Based on the conversion price, the Series B Preferred are convertible into up to 17,784,064 shares of common stock, with each Selling
    Stockholder’s fractional shares rounded up to the nearest whole share, which represents the number of shares being registered
    for resale pursuant to this prospectus. (2) As
    of November 30, 2025 and excludes: ● 1,570
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options granted under our 2020 Stock Incentive Plan with a weighted
    exercise price of $ 2,028.88 per share; ● 139,222 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants with a weighted average exercise price of $5.76; ● 47,143
    shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of a Senior Convertible Note issued to Alpha Capital Anstalt for $2.80 per share; ● 329,944 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion
    of 600.5 shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock (based on $1.82 conversion price); and ● 17,784,061 shares of common stock issuable upon the
    conversion of 39,943 shares of Series B Preferred Stock (based on $2.246 conversion price). Unless
otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus gives effect to the 1-for-50 reverse stock split of our common stock on November
5, 2024. 17 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks, uncertainties and other factors described in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented and updated by subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K
that we have filed or will file with the SEC, and in other documents which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including
all future filings we make with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”), as well as the risk factors and other information contained in or incorporated by reference into any
accompanying prospectus supplement before investing in any of our securities. Our financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The risks and uncertainties described in the documents incorporated
by reference herein are not the only risks and uncertainties that you may face. For more information about our SEC filings, please see
“Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” Risks
Related to This Offering Sales
of a substantial number of shares by the Selling Stockholders may cause the price of our common stock to decline. The
resale of the Conversion Shares by the Selling Stockholders could significantly depress the market price of our common stock. A large
volume of sales over a short period of time, or even the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect the trading price
of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital through future equity offerings. The
issuance of common stock upon conversion of the Series B Preferred will cause substantial dilution to existing stockholders. Each
share of Series B Preferred has a stated value of $1,000 and is convertible into a number of shares of our common stock equal to the
stated value divided by the conversion price of $2.246 per share of Series B Preferred. Any conversion of the Series B Preferred will
dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders and may depress the market price of our common stock. Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Listing If
we fail to maintain compliance with Nasdaq continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted. On
July 23, 2025, we received a notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department stating that we were not in compliance with the
minimum $2.5 million stockholders’ equity requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). Nasdaq subsequently granted us an extension
after reviewing our compliance plan and noting our July 28, 2025 private placement of Series A-3 Preferred. If we fail to continue to
satisfy Nasdaq’s listing requirements, including the equity and minimum bid price requirements, our common stock could be delisted,
which would negatively impact liquidity, reduce the trading market for our stock, and impair our ability to raise capital. Our
common stock has experienced and may continue to experience significant price and volume volatility. The
trading price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in response to various factors, including developments
in our business and industry, dilution from future equity issuances, Nasdaq compliance issues, and general market conditions. Volatility
in our stock price could cause investors to lose all or part of their investment. Future
equity financings may further dilute stockholders or adversely affect our stock price. We
may need to raise additional capital through equity or equity-linked financings. Such financings may occur at prices below the current
market price of our common stock and may involve securities with terms that are more favorable to new investors, such as preferences,
senior voting rights, or additional warrants. These transactions could further dilute stockholders, put downward pressure on our stock
price, and make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital on acceptable terms. 18 Risks
Related to Our Business and Financial Condition Our
financial condition raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We
have incurred significant losses since inception and had an accumulated deficit of approximately $123.1 million as of December 31, 2024.
Our auditors have included a going concern explanatory paragraph in their audit report. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent
on our ability to generate positive cash flows and secure additional equity and/or debt financing. There can be no assurance that such
financing will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, investors could lose
all or a portion of their investment. If
we fail to remediate our material weaknesses in internal controls, our business and stock price could be adversely affected. We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, including a lack of accounting resources and inadequate
segregation of duties. These weaknesses have resulted in audit adjustments and delayed SEC filings. Although we are taking steps to improve
our controls, if we are unable to remediate these weaknesses and maintain effective controls, we could be subject to further financial
reporting errors, regulatory scrutiny, loss of investor confidence, and a decline in the market price of our common stock. Risks
Related to the Marizyme Amended Note There
can be no assurance that Marizyme will be able to repay the Amended Note when due. On
August 21, 2025, we entered into an Amended and Restated Secured Demand Promissory Note with Marizyme, Inc. in the principal amount of
approximately $4.45 million. The Amended Note matures on August 21, 2026, with all amounts due in a single balloon payment. Marizyme
may not generate sufficient cash flows or obtain additional financing to satisfy its obligations, which could result in nonpayment or
default. The
Amended Note is secured by substantially all of Marizyme’s assets, but the value of the collateral may be insufficient. Although
Marizyme granted us a security interest in substantially all of its assets, including intellectual property, inventory, accounts receivable,
and equipment, the value of those assets may be uncertain or difficult to realize. If Marizyme defaults and we seek to enforce our security
interest, we may be unable to recover the full amount owed. If
Marizyme defaults, we may be required to take costly and time-consuming enforcement actions. Our
remedies in the event of default include foreclosing on Marizyme’s assets. Such actions could be expensive, time-consuming, and
uncertain, and could divert management attention from our core operations. There is no assurance that any recovery would be timely or
sufficient. Risks
Relating to Investing in Cryptocurrency Our
operating results have and will significantly fluctuate, including due to the highly volatile nature of crypto. Due
to the highly volatile nature of the cryptoeconomy and the prices of crypto assets, our operating results have, and will continue to,
fluctuate significantly in accordance with market sentiments and movements in the broader cryptoeconomy. Our operating results will continue
to fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are unpredictable and in certain instances are outside
of our control, including: ● crypto
    asset trading activity, including trading volume and the prevailing trading prices for crypto assets, which can be highly volatile; ● our
    ability to attract, maintain, 