An investment in our common stock involves a
number of risks. You should carefully consider the following
information about these risks, together with the other
information contained in this prospectus, before investing in
our common stock. Any of the events or circumstances described
as risks below could result in a significant or material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial
condition and a corresponding decline in the market price of our
common stock. Risks Related to Our Company Our
profitability may decline if we are unable to maintain our
relationships with significant clients, distributors and other
parties important to the success of our business. Our relationships and contractual arrangements
with significant clients, distributors and other parties with
which we do business are important to the success of our
business segments. Many of these arrangements are exclusive. For
example, in Assurant Solutions, we have exclusive relationships
with several mortgage lenders and servicers, retailers, credit
card issuers and other financial institutions through which we
distribute our products. In Assurant Health, we have exclusive
distribution relationships for our individual health insurance
products with Insurance Placement Services, Inc. (IPSI), a
wholly owned subsidiary of State Farm Mutual Automobile
Insurance Company (State Farm), and United Services Automobile
Association (USAA), as well as a relationship with Health
Advocates Alliance, the association through which we provide
many of our individual health insurance products, through
Assurant Health’s agreement dated September 1, 2003
with its administrator, National Administration Company, Inc. An
association in the health insurance market is an entity formed
and maintained in good faith for purposes other than obtaining
insurance and does not make health insurance coverage offered
through the association available other than in connection with
membership in the association. The agreement that provides for
our exclusive distribution relationship with IPSI terminates in
June 2008, but may be extended if agreed to by both parties. We
also maintain contractual relationships with several separate
networks of health and dental care providers, each referred to
as a PPO, through which we obtain discounts. A PPO is an entity
that acts as an intermediary between an insurer and a network of
hospitals, physicians, dentists or other providers of health
care who have agreed to provide care to insureds subject to
contractually established reimbursement rates. In Assurant
PreNeed, we have an exclusive distribution relationship with
SCI. Many of these arrangements have terms ranging from one to
five years. Although we believe we have generally been
successful in maintaining our client, distribution and related
relationships, if these parties decline to renew or seek to
terminate these arrangements, our results of operations and
financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In
addition, we are subject to the risk that these parties may face
financial difficulties, reputational issues or problems with
respect to their own products and services, which may lead to
decreased sales of our products and services. Moreover, if one
or more of our clients or distributors consolidate or align
themselves with other companies, we may lose business or suffer
decreased revenues. A loss of the discount arrangements with
PPOs could also lead to higher medical or dental costs and/or a
loss of members to other medical or dental plans. For example, Assurant Solutions lost a few
clients over the last three years as a result of bankruptcies
and termination of contracts either by it or its clients;
however, none of the clients lost was significant to its
business. At Assurant Health, client turnover has been stable
over the last three years as none of the clients lost was
significant to its business. Assurant PreNeed terminated several
client relationships with three funeral home groups in 2003
because of profitability issues with the business; none of the
clients terminated was significant to its business. Sales of our
products and services may be reduced if we are unable to attract
and retain sales representatives or develop and maintain
distribution sources. We distribute our insurance products and services
through a variety of distribution channels, including: • independent employee benefits specialists; • brokers; 11 Table of Contents • managing general agents; • life agents; • financial institutions; • funeral directors; • association groups; and • other third-party marketing organizations. Our relationships with these various distributors
are significant both for our revenues and profits. We do not
distribute our insurance products and services through captive
or affiliated agents. In Assurant Health, we depend in large
part on the services of independent agents and brokers and on
associations, including Health Advocates Alliance, in the
marketing of our products. In Assurant Employee Benefits,
independent agents and brokers who act as advisors to our
customers market and distribute our products. Independent agents
and brokers are typically not exclusively dedicated to us and
usually also market products of our competitors. Strong
competition exists among insurers to form relationships with
agents and brokers of demonstrated ability. We compete with
other insurers for sales representatives, agents and brokers
primarily on the basis of our financial position, support
services, compensation and product features. In addition, by
relying on independent agents and brokers to distribute products
for us, we face continued competition from our competitors’
products. Moreover, our ability to market our products and
services depends on our ability to tailor our channels of
distribution to comply with changes in the regulatory
environment. Recently, the marketing of health insurance through
association groups and broker compensation arrangements have
come under increased scrutiny. An interruption in, or changes
to, our relationships with various third-party distributors or
our inability to respond to regulatory changes could impair our
ability to compete and market our insurance products and
services and materially adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. We have our own sales representatives whose role
in the distribution process varies by segment. We depend in
large part on our sales representatives to develop and maintain
client relationships. Our inability to attract and retain
effective sales representatives could materially adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. General
economic, financial market and political conditions may
adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. Our results of operations and financial condition
may be materially adversely affected from time to time by
general economic, financial market and political conditions.
These conditions include economic cycles such as: • insurance industry cycles; • levels of employment; • levels of consumer lending; • levels of inflation; and • movements of the financial markets. Fluctuations in interest rates, monetary policy,
demographics, and legislative and competitive factors also
influence our performance. During periods of economic downturn: • individuals and businesses may choose not to
    purchase our insurance products and other related products and
    services, may terminate existing policies or contracts or permit
    them to lapse, may choose to reduce the amount of coverage
    purchased or, in Assurant Employee Benefits and in small group
    employer health insurance in Assurant Health, may have fewer
    employees requiring insurance coverage due to rising
    unemployment levels; 12 Table of Contents • new disability insurance claims and claims on
    other specialized insurance products tend to rise; • there is a higher loss ratio on credit card and
    installment loan insurance due to rising unemployment
    levels; and • insureds tend to increase their utilization of
    health and dental benefits if they anticipate becoming
    unemployed or losing benefits. In addition, general inflationary pressures may
affect the costs of medical and dental care, as well as repair
and replacement costs on our real and personal property lines,
increasing the costs of paying claims. Inflationary pressures
may also affect the costs associated with our pre-funded funeral
insurance policies, particularly those that are guaranteed to
grow with the Consumer Price Index. Pre-funded funeral insurance
provides benefits to fund the costs incurred in connection with
a pre-arranged funeral contract, which is an arrangement between
a funeral firm and an individual whereby the funeral firm agrees
to perform a selected funeral upon the individual’s death. Our actual
claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, which may
require us to establish additional reserves that may materially
reduce our earnings, profitability and capital. We maintain reserves to cover our estimated
ultimate exposure for claims and claim adjustment expenses with
respect to reported and unreported claims incurred but not
reported as of the end of each accounting period. Reserves,
whether calculated under GAAP or statutory accounting principles
(SAP), do not represent an exact calculation of exposure, but
instead represent our best estimates, generally involving
actuarial projections at a given time, of what we expect the
ultimate settlement and administration of a claim or group of
claims will cost based on our assessment of facts and
circumstances then known. The adequacy of reserves will be
impacted by future trends in claims severity, frequency,
judicial theories of liability and other factors. These
variables are affected by both external and internal events,
such as: • changes in the economic cycle; • changes in the social perception of the v