Investing in our common stock involves a number of risks. Before you purchase our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks
described below and the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of
operation or cash flows could be materially adversely affected and the factors that we identify as risks to a particular aspect of our business could materially affect another aspect of our business or the company as a whole. The risks below are not
the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows. In any such
case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to COVID-19 The recent coronavirus (COVID-19) global pandemic has
adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business has been, and will continue to be, impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 global
pandemic. The pandemic has significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty globally, and caused record levels of unemployment in the U.S. and abroad. The economic uncertainty of the COVID-19 pandemic
has led to a general decrease in consumer spending and decrease in consumer confidence. Our revenue, results of operations and cash flows depend on the overall demand for our products. Some of our customers have experienced and may continue to
experience financial hardships, which has and may continue to adversely impact demand for our products. Mandates from governmental authorities to close businesses, limit travel and transportation, avoid large gatherings or to self-quarantine, as
well as temporary closures and decreased operations at our suppliers’ facilities, have also negatively impacted our business. Reoccurring mandates in Australia to self-quarantine, limit travel and transportation and close certain businesses
have negatively impacted our business, and may continue to negatively impact our business in the future. In particular, statements by certain governmental authorities suggest that such mandates may continue to reoccur for an indefinite period of
time. Approximately 52% and 43% of our Pro Forma net sales for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the six months ended June 30, 2021, respectively, were derived from sales to customers in Australia, and as a result any ongoing mandates could
adversely impact our results of operations. The impacts of the pandemic on us have included, and in the future could include: • volatility in demand for our products as a result of, among other things, the inability of customers to purchase
our products due to financial hardship, unemployment, illness or out of fear of exposure to COVID-19, shifts in demand away from consumer discretionary products and reduced options for marketing and promotion
of products or other restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic; • cancellations of in-person events, including weddings and festivals, such
as Coachella, causing a reduction in demand for certain product categories; • increased materials and procurement costs as a result of scarcity of and/or increased prices for commodities and
raw materials, and periods of reduced manufacturing capacity at our suppliers in response to the pandemic; • increased sea and air freight shipping costs as a result of increased levels of demand, reduced capacity,
scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas, port closures and other transportation challenges; • closures or other restrictions that limit capacity at our distribution facilities and restrict our
employees’ ability to perform necessary business functions, including operations necessary for the design, development, production, sale, marketing, delivery and support of our products; and • failure of our suppliers and other third parties on which we rely to meet their obligations to us in a timely
manner or at all, as a result of their own financial or operational difficulties, including business failure or insolvency, the inability to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates or at all, collectability of existing
receivables. 21 Table of Contents All of these factors may contribute to reduced orders, increased product returns, increased
order cancellations, lower revenues, higher discounts, increased inventories, decreased value of inventories and lower gross margins. Concern over the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may delay purchasing by
our customers and/or cause them to consider purchasing fewer or different products than originally anticipated. In response to these concerns, we may (1) decide to postpone or cancel planned investments in our business in response to changes in
our business, or (2) experience difficulties in recruiting or retaining personnel, each of which may impact our ability to respond to our customers’ demands. During the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented a number of measures designed to protect the health
and safety of our workforce and position us to maintain our healthy financial position. These measures include restrictions on non-essential business travel, the institution of work-from-home policies and the
implementation of strategies for workplace safety at our offices and facilities. We are following the guidance from public health officials and government agencies with respect to such facilities, including implementation of enhanced cleaning
measures and social distancing guidelines. We may continue to incur increased costs for our operations during this pandemic that are difficult to predict with certainty. As a result, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial
condition may be affected and could continue to be adversely impacted in the future. There is no assurance the measures we have taken or may take in the future will be successful in managing the uncertainties caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Governmental measures to try to contain the virus have impacted and may further impact all or portions of our workforce and operations, the behavior of our customers and the operations of our
respective suppliers. There is no certainty that measures taken by us or by governmental authorities will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and our ability to perform critical
functions could be harmed. The future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on a number of
future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration of the pandemic, the resurgence of cases, the acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines, the effects of the outbreak on our customers
and suppliers and the measures adopted by local and federal governments. To add to the uncertainty, the nature of any economic recovery is unclear. Any increases in consumer discretionary spending related to government stimulus programs may be
temporary, and consumer spending may decrease again if the government does not continue such stimulus programs. All of these factors could have a negative impact on our revenue, cash flows and results of operations and could have the effect of
heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. Certain trends relating to the COVID-19 pandemic have positively impacted our business, but there can be no assurance that these impacts will be sustained through the remainder of the pandemic or in the future. The stay-at-home restrictions imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic led many traditional brick-and-mortar retailers to temporarily close their stores, while online retailers, such as
us, continued to operate. We benefited from a shift toward online shopping as customers stayed home. We may not continue to benefit from this trend, however, after the pandemic subsides, and some or all of the increases in demand for our products
during the pandemic may be temporary. It is difficult to ascertain with precision how much of our recent growth is attributable to the stay-at-home restrictions imposed
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and there can be no assurances that these positive trends during the COVID-19 pandemic will be sustained through the remainder of
the pandemic or in the future. If the positive impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business are not sustained through the remainder of the pandemic or in the future, or if customers’ purchases decline
more than expected, our results of operations would be adversely impacted. 22 Table of Contents Risks Relating to Our Business and Strategy The apparel, footwear and accessories industries are subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences, and if we do not accurately anticipate and
promptly respond to changes in consumer preferences, we could lose sales, our relationships with customers could be harmed, and our brand loyalty could be diminished. The apparel, footwear and accessories industries are subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and tastes, which can make it difficult
to anticipate demand for our products and forecast our financial results. We believe there are many factors that may affect the demand for our products, including: • seasonality, including the impact of anticipated and unanticipated weather conditions; • consumer acceptance of our existing products and acceptance of our new products, including our ability to develop
new products that are private label or exclusive; • consumer demand for products of our competitors; • consumer perceptions of and preferences for our products and brands, including as a result of evolving ethical or
social standards; • the extent t