—Risks relating to the aircraft leasing
    industry.” Our credit
    facilities may limit our operational flexibility, our ability to
    effectively compete and our ability to grow our business as
    currently planned. Our credit facilities contain financial and non-financial
    covenants, such as requirements that we comply with one or more
    of loan-to-value, debt service coverage, minimum net worth and
    interest coverage ratios, change of control provisions, and
    prohibitions against our disposing of our aircraft or other
    aviation assets without a lender’s prior consent. Complying
    with such covenants may at times necessitate that we forego
    other opportunities, such as using available cash to grow our
    aircraft fleet or promptly disposing of less profitable aircraft
    or other aviation assets. Moreover, our failure to comply with
    any of these covenants would likely constitute a default under
    such facilities and could give rise to an acceleration of some,
    if not all, of our then outstanding indebtedness, which would
    have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability
    to continue as a going concern. In the future, we may have ECA and Ex-Im Bank supported credit
    facilities and credit facilities provided by BNDES. We expect
    that, similar to commercial lenders, the ECAs, Ex-Im Bank and
    BNDES will require certain structural and operational
    restrictions to be included in the terms of the operating
    leases, particularly with respect to subleasing, insurance and
    the possession, use and location of the aircraft financed under
    such facilities. The imposition of these mandatory provisions
    could significantly restrict a lessee’s business
    operations, which may cause such aircraft to be less desirable
    to potential lessees and make it more difficult for us to
    negotiate operating leases for such aircraft on favorable terms.
    In addition, the credit facilities supported by the ECAs and
    Ex-Im Bank may contain certain change of control provisions,
    which would require us to prepay the loans in the event that our
    ownership structure changes. Complying with such change of
    control provisions may also require us to forego other
    opportunities, which may adversely affect our financial
    condition. In addition, we cannot assure you that our business will
    generate cash flow from operations in an amount sufficient to
    enable us to service our debt and grow our operations as
    planned. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance
    any of our debt on favorable terms, if at all. Any inability to
    generate sufficient cash flow or maintain our existing fleet and
    facilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial
    condition and results of operations. We will need
    additional capital to finance our growth, and we may not be able
    to obtain it on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which may
    limit our ability to satisfy our commitments to acquire
    additional aircraft and to compete effectively in the commercial
    aircraft leasing market. Meeting our anticipated growth strategy to acquire approximately
    100 aircraft by the end of 2011 and then further grow our fleet
    will require substantial additional capital. Our Warehouse
    Facility, as amended, includes a revolving period that ends in
    June 2013 (subject to possible early termination of this period,
    or possible extension of this period, which will require the
    consent of the agent thereunder and lenders, including
    replacement lenders), following which all amounts outstanding
    under the facility may be converted to a term loan, and we will
    no longer have access to additional loans from this facility. In
    addition, the terms of the Warehouse Facility will then become
    more stringent, including, but not limited to, increasing
    interest rates and principal amortization. Accordingly, we will
    need to obtain additional financing, which may not be available
    to us on favorable terms or at all. 17 Our access to additional sources of financing will depend upon a
    number of factors over which we have limited control, including: • general market conditions; • the market’s view of the quality of our assets; • the market’s perception of our growth potential; • interest rate fluctuations; • our current and potential future earnings and cash
    distributions; and • the market price of our Class A Common Stock. Weakness in the capital and credit markets could adversely
    affect one or more private lenders and could cause one or more
    private lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with
    financing or to increase the costs of that financing. In
    addition, if there are new regulatory capital requirements
    imposed on our private lenders, they may be required to limit,
    or increase the cost of, financing they provide to us. In
    general, this could potentially increase our financing costs and
    reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an
    inopportune time or price. If we are unable to raise additional funds or obtain capital on
    terms acceptable to us, we may not be able to satisfy funding
    requirements should we have any aircraft acquisition commitments
    then in place. If we are unable to satisfy our purchase
    commitments, we may be forced to forfeit our deposits. Further,
    we would be exposed to potential breach of contract claims by
    our lessees and manufacturers. These risks may also be increased
    by the volatility and disruption in the capital and credit
    markets. Depending on market conditions at the time, we
    may have to rely more heavily on additional equity issuances,
    which may be dilutive to our stockholders, or on less efficient
    forms of debt financing that require a larger portion of our
    cash flow from operations, thereby reducing funds available for
    our operations, future business opportunities and other
    purposes. Moreover, if additional capital is raised through the
    issuance of additional equity securities, your interests as a
    stockholder could be diluted. Because our charter permits the
    issuance of preferred stock, if our board of directors approves
    the issuance of preferred stock in a future financing
    transaction, such preferred stockholders may have rights,
    preferences or privileges senior to yours, and you will not have
    the ability to approve such a transaction. We may not be
    able to obtain long-term debt refinancing on attractive terms,
    if at all, or qualify for guarantees, or obtain attractive terms
    for such guarantees, from the ECAs, Ex-Im Bank or SBCE, any of
    which may adversely affect our growth strategy and results of
    operations. Our business model contemplates our ability to enter into
    attractive and economical long-term financing transactions.
    Conditions in the capital markets or debt markets may prevent us
    from entering into long-term debt financing arrangements, if at
    all, on terms favorable to us, which, if available, could cause
    such financings to be more costly or otherwise less attractive
    to us. Obtaining credit support from the ECAs, Ex-Im Bank and
    SBCE could facilitate our access to long-term financing, but the
    ECAs, Ex-Im Bank and SBCE have in place certain pre-approval
    criteria that must be met in order to qualify for, and gain
    access to, the credit support from or financing from such
    agencies, and we cannot assure you that we will qualify for
    financing under these programs. If in the future we are unable
    to meet the pre-approval criteria of these entities, whether due
    to changes in our financial condition or changes in the
    underlying criteria, or if the 18 entities discontinue providing credit support, or if there are
    changes in the economic terms of the programs sponsored by these
    agencies, then we may no longer be able to access such favorable
    credit support, which may cause the terms of the debt financing
    that we are able to obtain, if any, to be less favorable. A new
    aircraft sector understanding (“ASU”) governing credit
    support from the ECAs, Ex-Im Bank and SBCE went into effect on
    February 1, 2011. While these government-sponsored financings
    have historically provided favorable funding levels at interest
    rates below those obtainable from traditional commercial
    sources, under the new ASU, aircraft under firm contract after
    December 31, 2010 or scheduled for delivery after
    December 31, 2012 will be subject to significantly higher
    guarantee fees, which may make such financings less attractive
    to us than alternative sources of financing. Aircraft under firm
    contract on or before December 31, 2010 and scheduled to deliver
    on or before December 31, 2012 are grandfathered under the new
    ASU and are not subject to the higher fee structure. While we
    will pursue credit support from the ECAs, Ex-Im Bank and SBCE
    for our grandfathered aircraft, it is uncertain at this time
    whether we will be able to obtain attractive financing terms
    from these government-sponsored programs for our
    non-grandfathered aircraft. To the extent we are unable to
    obtain attractive financing terms, we would be more limited in
    the sources of favorable financing available to us. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that in the future we will be
    able to access long-term financing or credit support from the
    ECAs, Ex-Im Bank or SBCE on favorable terms, if at all. Our
    inability to access such financing or credit support could
    adversely affect our growth strategy and results of operations. An unexpected
    increase in our borrowing costs may adversely affect our
    earnings. We finance many of the aircraft in our fleet through a
    combination of short- and long-term debt financ