” and our financial statements and the related notes, before deciding to buy shares of our common stock. The discussion of existing autologous therapies in the summary below and
elsewhere in this prospectus, including the section entitled “Business,” is not intended to imply that our product candidates are more likely than others to receive regulatory approval from any regulatory authority. Unless the context
requires otherwise, references in this prospectus to “Allogene,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Allogene Therapeutics, Inc., and references in this prospectus to “Servier” collectively refer to Les
Laboratoires Servier SAS and Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier SAS. Allogene Therapeutics Overview We are a clinical stage
immuno-oncology company pioneering the development and commercialization of genetically engineered allogeneic T cell therapies for the treatment of cancer. We are developing a pipeline of off-the-shelf T cell product candidates that are designed to target and kill cancer cells. Our engineered T cells are allogeneic, meaning they are derived from healthy donors for intended use in any patient,
rather than from an individual patient for that patient’s use, as in the case of autologous T cells. We believe this key difference will enable us to deliver readily available treatments faster, more reliably, at greater scale, and to more
patients. In addition, we believe our management team’s experience in immuno-oncology and specifically in chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy will help drive the rapid development and, if approved, the commercialization of these
potentially curative therapies for patients with aggressive cancer. In collaboration with Servier, we are developing UCART19, a CAR T
cell product candidate targeting CD19. UCART19 is being studied in clinical trials in patients with relapsed or refractory (R/R) B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), and we expect UCART19 to be
advanced to potential registrational trials in the second half of 2019. We also plan to submit an investigational new drug application (IND) in the first half of 2019 for our second allogeneic anti-CD19 CAR T cell product candidate, ALLO-501, for the treatment of R/R non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). In addition, we have a deep pipeline of allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates targeting multiple promising
antigens in a host of hematological malignancies and solid tumors. CAR T cell therapy, a form of cancer immunotherapy, has recently
emerged as a revolutionary and potentially curative therapy for patients with hematologic cancers, including refractory cancers. In 2017, two autologous anti-CD19 CAR T cell therapies, Kymriah, developed by Novartis International AG (Novartis), and
Yescarta, developed by Kite Pharma, Inc. (Kite), were approved by the FDA for the treatment of R/R B-cell precursor ALL (Kymriah) and R/R large B-cell lymphoma
(Yescarta) based on unprecedented efficacy data. Autologous CAR T cell therapies are manufactured individually for the patient’s use by modifying the patient’s own T cells to express CARs. The entire manufacturing process is dependent on
the viability of each patient’s T cells and takes approximately two to four weeks. As seen in the registrational trials for Kymriah and Yescarta, up to 31% of intended patients ultimately did not receive treatment primarily due to interval
complications from the underlying disease during manufacturing or manufacturing failures. 1 Table of Contents We believe our allogeneic platform has the potential to be the next revolution in cancer
treatment. The below chart highlights some of the potential key benefits of allogeneic CAR T cell therapy. Supply •  Off-the-shelf product enables creation of inventory •  Potential to treat more patients than autologous cell
therapies •  Readily available supply for retreatment Delivery Time •  On demand product delivery from inventory •  Faster time to treatment may improve patient outcomes Potency •  More uniform starting materials sourced from healthy donors •  Potential for more predictable safety and efficacy Cost •  Potential for ~100 doses from a single manufacturing run •  Ability to scale production to further reduce cost Our Pipeline We are currently developing a pipeline of multiple allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates utilizing protein engineering, gene editing, gene
insertion and advanced proprietary T cell manufacturing technologies. Our most advanced product candidate, UCART19, is an engineered allogeneic CAR T cell therapy that targets CD19, a protein expressed on the cell surface of B cells and a validated
target for B cell driven hematological malignancies. We are also developing engineered allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates for multiple myeloma, other blood cancers and solid tumors. Our pipeline is represented in the diagram below. 1 May not be required if Phase 2 is a registrational clinical trial. 2 Servier holds ex-US commercial rights. 3 To enable expansion and persistence of allogeneic CAR T product candidates. Our lead product candidates include: • UCART19. In 2016, our collaboration partner, Servier, initiated two clinical trials of UCART19: the CALM
trial and the PALL trial. The CALM trial is a Phase 1, open-label, dose-escalation clinical trial in adult patients with R/R ALL. The PALL trial is a Phase 1, open-label, clinical trial in pediatric patients with R/R ALL. In June 2018, interim
results from 18 patients in the CALM and PALL clinical trials were presented at the 23rd European Hematology Association Annual Congress. As of April 2018, 13 out of 16 evaluable patients, or 81%, achieved a complete response (CR), defined as the
absence of any evidence of cancer, and 12 of those patients, or 92%, achieved a minimum residual disease negative CR (MRD- CR), which occurs when a patient achieves a CR and there is no evidence 2 Table of Contents of ALL cells in the marrow when using sensitive tests such as polymerase chain reaction or flow cytometry. The most common adverse events were related to cytokine release syndrome (CRS) and were
generally manageable. Two mild graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) cases in the skin were observed and resolved. See the discussion under the heading “—Business—Product Pipeline and Development Strategy—UCART19—Clinical
Data—Interim Safety” on page 98 of this prospectus for more information regarding adverse events. We expect UCART19 to be advanced to potential registrational trials in the second half of 2019. • ALLO-501. We plan to submit an IND in the first half of 2019 for
our second allogeneic anti-CD19 CAR T cell product candidate, ALLO-501, for the treatment of patients with R/R NHL. The manufacturing process for ALLO-501 is different
than the one employed for UCART19, but the two product candidates are identical in molecular design. • ALLO-715. We plan to submit an IND in 2019 for an allogeneic CAR T
cell product candidate, ALLO-715, targeting BCMA for the treatment of patients with R/R multiple myeloma. Several clinical studies of third-party autologous CAR T cell therapies targeting BCMA have produced
promising results in this indication. • ALLO-647 . We are developing an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody, ALLO-647, which is designed to be used prior to infusing our other product candidates as part of the lymphodepletion regimen. We believe ALLO-647 can reduce the likelihood of
a patient’s immune system rejecting the engineered allogeneic T cells, and may create a window of persistence during which the engineered allogeneic T cells can actively target and destroy cancer cells. Our Approach Our allogeneic T cell
development strategy has four key pillars: • Limit risk of GvHD . GvHD is a condition where allogeneic T cells can recognize the
patient’s normal tissue as foreign and cause damage. We use a gene editing technology, TALEN, which we license from Cellectis, S.A. (Cellectis), to limit the risk of GvHD by engineering T cells to lack functional T cell receptors (TCRs) so the
engineered T cells are no longer capable of recognizing a patient’s normal tissue as foreign. • Create a window of persistence by allowing allogeneic T cells to expand in patients . To
enhance the expansion and persistence of our engineered allogeneic T cells, we use TALEN to inactivate the CD52 gene in donor T cells and an anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody to deplete CD52 expressing T cells in patients while sparing the therapeutic
allogeneic T cells. We believe this enables a window of persistence for the infused allogeneic T cells to expand and actively target and destroy cancer cells. We are also developing ALLO-647, our own anti-CD52
monoclonal antibody. • Build a leading manufacturing platform . Our off-the-shelf approach is dependent on state-of-the-art manufacturing processes, and we
are building a technical operations organization with fully integrated in-house expertise in clinical and commercial engineered T cell manufacturing. • Leverage next generation technologies to improve the functionality of allogeneic CAR T cells . We plan to leverage next generation technologies to develop more potent allogeneic CAR T cells and to improve the characteristics of our product candidates. We believe next generation technologies will also allow us to develop allogeneic T cell
therapies for the treatment of solid tumors, which to date have been difficult to treat in part due to tumor microenvironments that can impair the activity of T cells. Our History and Team We believe we have
established a leadership position in allogeneic T cell therapy. In April 2018, we acquired certain assets from Pfizer Inc. (Pfizer), including strategic license and collaboration agreements and 3 Table of Contents other intellectual property related to the development and administration of allogeneic CAR T cells for the treatment of cancer. We have an exclusive collaboration with Servier to develop and
commercialize UCART19 and ALLO-501, and we hold the commercial rights to these