— Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” Sales and Marketing Given our stage of development, we have not yet established a full commercial organization or distribution capabilities. We have stage-appropriate commercial capabilities we intend to build a commercial infrastructure to support sales of any approved products and intend to continue evaluating opportunities to work with partners that enhance our capabilities with respect to the development and commercialization of ESK-001 and A-005, if approved. In addition, we intend to commercialize our product candidates, if approved, in key markets in the United States, the European Union, and APAC, either alone or with partners in order to maximize the worldwide commercial potential of our programs. Manufacturing We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for clinical testing, as well as for manufacture of any products that we may commercialize, if approved. To date, we have obtained active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) for ESK-001 and A-005 for our preclinical and clinical testing from different third-party API manufacturers and bulk drug product from other third-party manufacturers. We obtain our preclinical and clinical supplies from these manufacturers on a purchase order basis and currently do not have long-term supply arrangements in place. We are in the process of implementing a redundant supply chain for ESK-001 API, drug product and critical raw material. For all our product candidates, we intend to identify and qualify redundant manufacturers, including entering into long-term agreements, to provide the API and drug product and prior to submission of the NDA to the FDA and/or a marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and/or other health authorities. ESK-001 and A-005 are compounds of low molecular weight, generally called small molecules. ESK-001 can be manufactured in reliable and reproducible processes from readily available starting materials. A-005 has been produced in small quantities to support our preclinical studies and is currently being manufactured at larger quantities for clinical testing. The chemistries for ESK-001 and A-005 are amenable to scale-up and do not require unusual equipment in the manufacturing process. Additional contract manufacturers are used to package, label, and distribute investigational drug products. This strategy allows us to maintain a more efficient infrastructure, avoid depending on our own manufacturing facility and equipment while simultaneously enabling us to focus our expertise on developing our products. We expect to continue to develop product candidates that can be produced cost-effectively at contract manufacturing facilities. Competition The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our potential competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and generic drug companies. Many of our potential competitors have greater financial and technical human resources than we do, as well as equal or greater experience in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products and the commercialization of those products. Accordingly, our potential competitors may be more successful than us in achieving regulatory approvals and commercializing their drugs. We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition from existing, approved drugs, as well as new drugs entering the market and emerging technologies that become available. Finally, the development of new treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting could render our product candidates non-competitive or obsolete. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates, if approved, will be efficacy, safety, tolerability profile, convenience of dosing, price and coverage by governmental and third-party payors. We are currently developing ESK-001 for the treatment of PsO, SLE and Uveitis, with multiple other potential indications to follow. Other emerging and established life sciences companies have been focused on similar therapeutics. If approved, ESK-001 would compete with several currently approved or late-stage oral clinical therapeutics, including Otezla (marketed by Amgen Inc.), Sotyktu (marketed by Bristol Myers Squibb Company (BMS)), TAK-279 (in development by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company), VTX-958 (in 132 TABLE OF CONTENTS development by Ventyx Biosciences, Inc.), JNJ-2113 (in development by Johnson & Johnson), DC-806 (in development by Eli Lilly and Company), as well as new early-stage therapeutic companies that may develop competing molecules. Additional TYK2 agents are under development by BMS, Galapagos NV, Innocare, and Priovant Therapeutics, Inc. Our second TYK2 product candidate, A-005, is a highly differentiated CNS-penetrant allosteric TYK2 inhibitor that has a potential application in multiple sclerosis (MS) and other neuroinflammatory diseases. In MS, there are a large number of therapies available for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS, including interferon beta regulators, monoclonal antibodies, synthetic immunomodulatory drugs, S1P receptor modulators. Ocrevus, a CD20 antibody marketed by Genentech, Inc., is the only current therapy approved for PPMS for slowing disease progression. We are aware that Biohaven is developing a CNS-penetrant TYK2/JAK1 inhibitor BHV-8000, for which they expect to initiate Phase 2 clinical trials in 2H 2024 in MS as well as Alzheimer’s Disease and Parkinson’s Disease. BMS has reported that they have a CNS-penetrant TYK2 inhibitor (BMS-986465) positioned for neuroinflammation diseases that will initiate first in human clinical studies soon. Sudo has reported a CNS TYK2 inhibitor (SUDO-550) that is in advanced preclinical studies and Neuron 23 also has disclosed that they have a TYK2 inhibitor program targeting neuroinflammation and MS. Coverage and Reimbursement Successful sales of approved drug products in the U.S. market will depend, in part, on the extent to which such drugs will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs or private health insurance (including managed care plans). Patients who are provided with prescriptions as part of their medical treatment generally rely on such third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescriptions and therefore adequate coverage and reimbursement from such third-party payors are critical to new and ongoing product acceptance. Coverage and reimbursement policies for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor as there is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third-party payors in the United States. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement as the process of determining coverage and reimbursement is often time consuming and costly. Further, third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical drugs and services and implementing measures to control utilization of drugs (such as requiring prior authorization for coverage). Additionally, the containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic drugs. Adoption or expansion of price controls and cost-containment measures could further limit manufacturers’ net revenue and results. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for a manufacturer’s drug products or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover its drug products could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturer’s sales, results of operations and financial condition. General legislative cost control measures may also affect reimbursement for drug products. Manufacturers that obtain approval to market a drug candidate in the United States may be subject to spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs and/or any significant taxes or fees. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 133 TABLE OF CONTENTS U.S. Drug Development Process In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and its implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: • completion of nonclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with Good Laboratory Practice regulations (GLPs) and other applicable regulations; ​ • submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug application (IND), which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; ​ • appr