The shares of Common Stock offered hereby involves a high degree of risk. You should read “Risk Factors,” and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider before deciding to invest in our securities. Transfer Agent VStock Transfer, LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York 11598, (212) 828-8436. The number of Common Stock to be outstanding before
this offering is based on 12,254,678 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 25, 2025, and excludes: ● 689,053 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding; ● 418,878 shares of our Common Stock underlying any outstanding warrants; and ● 1,216,176 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of notes and other evidence of
indebtedness. Except as otherwise indicated, all information
in this prospectus assumes: ● that the assumed public offering price is $             per share of Common Stock, which is the mid-point of the estimated offering price range described on the cover of this prospectus; ● no exercise of 418,878 outstanding warrants; ● no exercise of the
    Underwriter’s Warrant; and ● no exercise of the underwriter’s option to purchase additional shares of Common Stock from us in this offering. 6 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities includes a high
degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should consider carefully the specific factors discussed
below, together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. This could cause the
market price of our Common Stock to decline and could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business, Growth Prospects and Operating Results We are recently formed and only in the initial
development stages. Although we have generated some revenue, we are not in volume production for any of our product offerings. Our lack
of operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects, and may increase the risks associated with an investment
in our Shares. Biond Photonics, now Aeluma, was formed in 2019.
Although the Company has generated some revenue, the Company is subject to the risks involved with any speculative early-stage enterprise.
There is no assurance that the Company will successfully offer, market and distribute its products or services. The Company may experience
continuing net losses and negative cash flows from operations. The extent of continuing losses and negative cash flows from operations
and the time required to reach profitability are highly uncertain. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve profitability
or that profitability, if achieved, can be sustained on an ongoing basis. There is no assurance that actual cash requirements will not
exceed our estimates. Such risks for the Company include, but are not limited to: ● an evolving, unpredictable and unproven business model; ● an intensely competitive developing market; ● rapidly changing technology; ● managing development and growth; ● dependence on key personnel; ● dependence on outsourced resourced, materials and equipment; ● limited operating capital and limited access to credit; and ● other unforeseen changes and developments in operations, the product and markets. In order to address these risks, the Company must,
among other things: ● implement and successfully execute its business strategy; ● provide superior customer service; ● respond to competitive developments; ● attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; and ● respond to unforeseen and changing circumstances. The Company cannot make the assurance that it
will succeed in addressing these risks. 7 If we do not have access to capital on favorable
terms, on the timeline we anticipate, or at all, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We will require a substantial amount of capital
to meet our operating requirements and remain competitive. We anticipate to routinely incur significant costs to conduct research and
development, implement new manufacturing and information technologies, to increase our productivity and efficiency, to upgrade equipment
and to expand production capacity, and there can be no assurance that we will realize a return on the capital expended. We also anticipate
incurring material amounts of debt to fund these requirements in the future. Significant volatility or disruption in the global financial
markets may result in us not being able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, on the timeline we anticipate, or at all, and
we may not be able to refinance, if necessary, any outstanding debt when due, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition. Any inability to obtain additional funding on favorable terms, on the timeline we anticipate, or at all, may cause
us to curtail our operations significantly, reduce planned capital expenditures and research and development, or obtain funds through
arrangements that management does not currently anticipate, including disposing of our assets and relinquishing rights to certain technologies,
the occurrence of any of which may significantly impair our ability to remain competitive. If our operating results falter, our cash flow
or capital resources prove inadequate, or if interest rates increase significantly, we could face liquidity problems that could materially
and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our cash resources are insufficient to meet our
planned business objectives without additional financing. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern, and our independent auditor has included a qualification to that effect in its audit opinion relating to our financial
statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. Because we are a company with a very limited
operating history, with limited revenues, and are only minimally capitalized, we have a lack of liquidity and may need additional financing
in the future. Additional financing may not be available when needed, which could delay our development or indefinitely postpone it. Our
investors could lose some or all of their investment. We are only minimally capitalized. Therefore,
we expect to experience a lack of liquidity for the near future in our operations. We expect to adjust our expenses as necessary to prevent
cash flow or liquidity problems. However, we expect we may need additional financing, which we do not now possess, to fully develop our
products and operations. We expect to rely principally upon our ability to raise additional financing, the success of which cannot be
guaranteed. If we require additional capital, we may need to identify alternate sources of capital for working capital purposes. To the
extent that we experience a substantial lack of liquidity, our development in accordance with our proposed plan may be delayed or indefinitely
postponed, our operations could be impaired, we may never become profitable, fail as an organization, and our investors could lose some
or all of their investment. We rely on our management team and other
key employees and will need additional personnel to grow our business. The loss of one or more key employees or our inability to attract
and retain qualified personnel could harm our business. Our future success is substantially dependent
on our ability to attract, retain and motivate the members of our management team and other key employees throughout our organization.
The loss of one or more members of our management team or other key employees could materially impact our sales or our research and development
programs and materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We do not maintain key person life
insurance policies on any of our management team members or key employees. Competition for highly skilled personnel is intense. We may
not be successful in attracting or retaining qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs. For positions in our offices
near Santa Barbara in particular, we may experience challenges hiring new and mid-level employees in part due to the high local housing
costs. Our competitors may be successful in recruiting and hiring members of our management team or other key employees, and it may be
difficult for us to find suitable replacements on a timely basis, on competitive terms, or at all. 8 If our estimates or judgments relating to
our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could fall below
the expectations of investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements. Significant assumptions and estimates used in preparing our financial statements
include those related to assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions,
which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of
our c