” section of this prospectus. Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates While our significant accounting policies are
more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements included in this prospectus, we believe the following
accounting policies to be the most critical in understanding the
judgments and estimates we use in preparing our consolidated
financial statements: Use of Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments,
including those related to revenue recognition, accrued expenses
and the fair value of our common and preferred stock
particularly as it relates to stock-based compensation. We base
our estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions and could have a material impact on our reported
results. With respect to our estimates involved in the
determination of the fair value of our common stock, during 2003
the Board of Directors evaluated several events that provided
indicators of the fair value of our common stock including
(1) a valuation that was performed in connection with the
acquisition of Ribopharma in July 2003, (2) the fair value
of our Series B and Series C convertible preferred
stock that was issued in 35 July, September and October 2003, and its
relation to the value of our common stock, and (3) the
impact of our proposed offering of common stock. These factors
indicated that the options granted to employees during 2003 had
a deemed fair value that was higher than the exercise price.
This caused us to record deferred compensation of
$3.3 million during 2003 and related compensation expense
of $0.7 million in 2003. The deferred compensation will be
recorded as an expense over the vesting period of the underlying
stock options using an accelerated method. We expect to record
amortization of this deferred compensation of $1.4 million,
$0.7 million, $0.4 million, and $0.1 million, subject
to employee terminations, in 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007,
respectively. In connection with stock options granted to
nonemployees for services during the year ended
December 31, 2003 and our determination of the fair value
of our common stock, we have recorded aggregate deferred
compensation of approximately $1.2 million, which
represents the fair value of nonemployee grants. The deferred
compensation will be recorded as an expense over the vesting
period of the underlying stock options using an accelerated
method. At the end of each financial reporting period prior to
vesting, the value of these options, as calculated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model, will be remeasured using the
then current fair value of our common stock. At that point,
deferred compensation and the noncash compensation recognized
during that period will be adjusted accordingly. Stock-based
compensation expense related to these nonemployee options for
2003 was $0.5 million. Since the fair market value of the
common stock to nonemployees is subject to change in the future,
the compensation expense recognized during the year ended
December 31, 2003, and prior years may not be indicative of
future compensation charges. We have also recorded cumulative deferred
compensation of $3.8 million related to restricted stock
awards that were issued to nonemployees in 2002. Shares
remaining unvested or subject to forfeiture for nonemployees
still providing services are subject to a mark-to-market
adjustment during each reporting period prior to vesting in
full. The deferred compensation will be recorded as an expense
over the vesting period of the underlying restricted stock using
an accelerated method. We recorded noncash stock-based
compensation expense of $0.2 million during the period from
June 14, 2002 through December 31, 2002 and
$2.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2003,
related to the amortization of the deferred compensation. The
deferred compensation balance at December 31, 2003 related
to these awards was $1.2 million. Since the fair market
value of the common stock to nonemployees is subject to change
in the future, the compensation expense recognized during the
year ended December 31, 2003, and prior years may not be
indicative of future compensation charges. Acquired Technology We have licensed technology that we expect to
utilize in our research and development activities. The terms of
the licenses may provide for up-front payments, annual
maintenance payments, milestone payments based upon the
achievement of specified events and royalties based on product
sales. We account for the costs associated with obtaining
licenses in accordance with FAS 2, Accounting for
Research and Development Costs . Under this standard, we
determine whether the technology we are licensing relates to a
particular research and development project with no alternative
use. If it is determined that there are no alternative uses, the
amount is expensed as incurred. Alternatively, the costs are
capitalized and amortized over their estimated useful life. To
date, we have expensed $8.2 million of acquired technology,
including $4.6 million of purchased in-process research and
development that is believed to have no alternative uses. We
have capitalized $3.6 million of core technology, with a
10-year estimated useful life, which was acquired in 2003 as
part of the Ribopharma acquisition. Long-lived Assets We generally depreciate property and equipment
using the straight-line method over the assets estimated
economic life, which ranges from two years to
eight years. Determining the economic lives of property and
equipment requires us to make significant judgments that can
materially impact our operating results. As of December 31,
2003, there was approximately $3.9 million of intangible
assets on our consolidated balance sheet, including
$3.6 million of core technology and $0.3 million
related to the Ribopharma workforce. We 36 amortize acquired intangible assets using the
straight-line method over their estimated economic lives, which
range from four years to 10 years. Determining the
economic lives of acquired intangible assets requires us to make
significant judgment and estimates, and can materially impact
our operating results. If our estimates require adjustment, it
could have a material impact on our reported results. Our policy regarding long-lived assets is to
evaluate the recoverability or usefulness of these assets when
the facts and circumstances suggest that these assets may be
impaired. This analysis relies on a number of factors, including
changes in strategic direction, business plans, regulatory
developments, economic and budget projections, technological
improvements, and operating results. The test of recoverability
or usefulness is a comparison of the asset value to the
undiscounted cash flow of its expected cumulative net operating
cash flow over the asset’s remaining useful life. Any
write-downs would be treated as permanent reductions in the
carrying amount of the asset and an operating loss would be
recognized. To date, we have had recurring operating losses and
the recoverability of our long-lived assets is contingent upon
executing our business plan that includes obtaining significant
revenue from research collaborations. If we are unable to
execute our business plan, we may be required to write down the
value of our long-lived assets in future periods. In accounting for the acquisition of Ribopharma,
we allocated the purchase price to the fair value of the
acquired tangible and intangible assets, including purchased
in-process research and development, which requires us to make
several significant judgments and estimates. In preparing the
allocation, we used a discounted cash flow model to value the
intangibles of Ribopharma, which requires us to make assumptions
and estimates about, among other things: (1) the time and
investment that will be required to develop the projects and
related technologies; (2) the amount of revenues,
royalties, and milestone payments that will be derived from the
projects; and (3) the appropriate discount rates to be used
in the analysis. Use of different estimates and judgments could
yield materially different results in our analysis, and could
result in materially different asset values and purchased
in-process research and development charges. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue in accordance with the
Securities and Exchange Commission’s Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements . We have entered into a collaboration agreement
with Merck. Revenue from this collaboration agreement includes
nonrefundable license fees, milestones and royalties. When
evaluating multiple element arrangements, we consider whether
the components of the arrangement represents separate units of
accounting as defined in Emerging Issues Task Force Issue
No. 00-21, Revenue Arrangements with Multiple
Deliverables , or EITF 00-21. Application of these
standards requires subjective determinations and requires
management to make judgments about value of the individual
elements and whether it is separable from the other aspects of
the contractual relationship. To date, we have determined that
our upfront non-refundable license fees cannot be separated from
our ongoing collaborative activities, and ac