” for a complete discussion of these risks and limitations. In addition, we acquired from General Motors an irrevocable, royalty-free,
worldwide license under numerous computer software programs that we use to run our business, including product design. Allison also acquired ownership of numerous trademarks and copyrights relating to our business, subject in some cases to a
non-exclusive license back to General Motors for use in connection with its existing six-speed A1000 transmission products, but only up to the termination of production of the A1000 transmission product by General Motors. Our products are highly engineered, requiring advanced manufacturing processes and complex software algorithms for our transmission
controls to maximize end user performance. We have developed over 100 different product models that are used in more than 2,500 different vehicle configurations. Our transmissions are 75 Table of Contents compatible with more than 500 combinations of engine brands, models and ratings (including diesel, gasoline, compressed natural gas and other alternative fuels). In 2010, over 10,000 unique
Allison developed calibrations were used with our transmission control modules. We believe our scale, experience and culture of innovation reinforce our leading market position and provide us with an enduring competitive advantage. Seasonality Overall,
the demand for our products is relatively consistent over the year. However, in typical market conditions, the North American truck market experiences a higher level of production in the first half of the year due to fewer holidays and the practice
of plant shutdowns in July and December. However, this pattern has not always held in recent business cycles, particularly during and following an economic downturn. Working capital levels do not fluctuate significantly in the normal course for our
business. Employees As of December 31, 2010, we had approximately 2,750 employees, with more than 90% of those employees in the U.S. Approximately 60% of our U.S. employees are represented by the UAW and are subject to
a collective bargaining agreement. At the time of Allison’s divestiture from General Motors, we agreed to assume from General Motors the existing national and local collective bargaining agreements with the UAW. Subsequently, we negotiated a
new agreement that expires in November 2012. This agreement included a multi-tier wage and benefits structure and created a profit-sharing incentive compensation plan for the UAW-represented hourly employees tied to identical performance metrics as
those used for the management team and salaried employees. As 60% of our represented employees are currently retirement eligible, we anticipate a significant shift toward increasing the number of second tier employees over the coming years. In
addition, our UAW-represented hourly employees have received an incentive compensation plan payout for every plan year since such program was established in 2008. There have been no strikes or work stoppages due to Allison-specific issues in over 30
years. During the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009, we began implementing expense reduction programs in
an effort to better align our cost structure with decreased net sales driven by global economic conditions. The restructuring charges related to these initiatives included retirement incentive and reduction in force programs that resulted in the
elimination of approximately 450 hourly and 150 salaried positions. The impact of the programs resulted in restructuring charges of approximately $47.9 million and $15.7 million recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. In 2010, we increased the size of our overall hourly and salaried
workforce to respond to improved global economic conditions. Environmental We are subject to a variety of Federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the
discharge of pollutants into the air or water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, and the cleanup of contaminated sites. Some of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent and reduce air and
water pollution. These permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation by issuing authorities. We believe we are in substantial compliance with all applicable material laws and regulations in the U.S. Historically, our costs of achieving
and maintaining compliance with environmental, health and safety requirements have not been material to our results. In
addition, increasing efforts globally to control emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases have the potential to impact our facilities, costs, products and customers. Pursuant to the Clean Air Act, or CAA, the EPA has recently
taken action to control greenhouse gases from certain stationary and 76 Table of Contents mobile sources. These actions include issuance of a greenhouse gas reporting rule applicable to specified stationary sources, as well as a rule requiring limits on greenhouse gas emissions for
certain sources under the CAA New Source Review of Significant Deterioration and Title V Operating Permit programs. The U.S. Congress is also considering proposals to limit greenhouse gas emissions, and several states have taken steps, such as
adoption of cap and trade programs or other regulatory systems, to address greenhouse gases. At the same time, opponents of greenhouse gas regulation have initiated litigation, as well as introduced legislation in Congress, to delay, limit or
eliminate the EPA’s, and possibly states’, actions to regulate greenhouse gases. There have also been international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in emissions of greenhouse gases. These developments and further actions that
may be taken in the U.S. and in other countries, states or provinces could affect our operations both positively and negatively (e.g., by affecting the demand for or suitability of some of our products). As described above, we believe increased
regulation of greenhouse gases will increase demand for green technologies, including our hybrid technologies. Also, under
the Asset Purchase Agreement, General Motors agreed to indemnify us against certain environmental liabilities, including pre-acquisition offsite waste disposal from our facilities, former facilities associated with our business and any properties or
facilities relating to our business that General Motors retained. General Motors also continues to perform remedial activities at our Speedway, Indiana manufacturing facilities relating to historical soil and groundwater contamination at the
facilities. General Motors is performing such activities pursuant to a voluntary Corrective Action Agreement with EPA and pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement retained responsibility for completing all remediation activities covered by the
Corrective Action Agreement. Except to the extent specifically retained by General Motors, we would be responsible for environmental liabilities that may arise at any of our properties, including with respect to contamination that may have occurred
at our properties prior to the Acquisition Transaction. Additionally, there can be no assurances that General Motors will comply with its indemnity obligations or with its remedial obligations at the Speedway, Indiana facility, or that future
environmental remediation obligations will not have a material adverse impact on our results. We also may be subject to
liability under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act and similar state or foreign laws for contaminated properties that we currently own, lease or operate or that we or our predecessors have previously owned,
leased or operated, and sites to which we or our predecessors sent hazardous substances. Such liability may be joint and several so that we may be liable for more than our share of contamination, and any such liability may be determined without
regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. We or our predecessors have been named potentially responsible parties at contaminated sites from time to time. We do not anticipate our liabilities relating to contaminated sites will be material
to our results. Competition We compete on the basis of product performance, quality, price, distribution capability and service in addition to other factors. We face competition from numerous manufacturers of manual transmissions,
AMTs and fully-automatic transmissions for commercial vehicles. We also face competition from manufacturers in our international operations and from international manufacturers entering our domestic market. Furthermore, some of our customers are
OEMs that manufacture transmissions for their own products. Despite their transmission manufacturing abilities, our existing OEM customers have chosen to purchase certain transmissions from us due to the quality, reliability and strong brand of our
transmissions and in order to limit fixed costs, minimize production risks and maintain company focus on commercial vehicle design, production and marketing. 77 Table of Contents Properties Our world headquarters, which we own, is located at 4700 West 10th Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46222. As of December 31, 2010, we have a total of 17 manufacturing and certain other facilities in
six countries. The following table sets forth certain information regarding these facilities. Plant Location Approximate Size
(ft 2 ) Owned / Leased Description Plant #3 Speedway 927,000 Own Engineering, Operational Support Plant #4 Speedway 425,900 Own Manufacturing Plant #6 Speedway 431,500 Own Manufacturing Plant #7 Speedway 391,700 Own Operational Support Plant #12 Indianapolis 588,000 Own Manufacturing Plant #14 Indianapolis 433,000 Own Manufacturing Plant #15 Indianapolis 126,400 Lease Manufacturing Plant #17 Indianapolis 389,000 Own