. In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made
available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 85 Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: • subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and • cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the
necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team,
if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will
remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their
full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management
team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek
to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial
Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide
to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Under the NASDAQ’s listing rules, shareholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: • we issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding (other than in a public offering); • any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5% or more; or • the issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 86 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities In the event we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or
in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of
shares such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have
not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, such purchases could
have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to
purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information
not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a
contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof
and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. Subsequent to the consummation of this offering, we will adopt an insider
trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are
in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot
currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several
factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either
make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to
exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares.
We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under
the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers
determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote
such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business
combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not
be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public
 “float” of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which
may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and/or
their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates
may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted
by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination.
Such persons would select the shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per
share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction
may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our
initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases
comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal se