—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” Exclusive (Equity) Agreement with The Board of Trustees of the Leland
Stanford Junior University In March 2015, we entered into a license agreement, or the Stanford Agreement, with Stanford under which we obtained a worldwide,
royalty-bearing, sublicensable license under certain patents relating to our current product candidates, to develop, manufacture and commercialize products for use in certain licensed fields, the scope of which would include the application of the
licensed intellectual property in oncology. The license granted to us in the Stanford Agreement includes an exclusive grant, subject to certain pre-existing non-exclusive or exclusive rights that Stanford retained for grant to third parties with respect to certain categories of the licensed patents in certain fields of use and retained rights by Stanford and all
other nonprofit institutions to use and practice the licensed patents and technology for internal research and other nonprofit purposes. The license granted to us in the Stanford Agreement also includes non-exclusive grants to certain Stanford patents. In consideration for the rights granted to us under the Stanford
Agreement, we paid Stanford a nonrefundable license royalty and reimbursed Stanford for past patent expenses, together totaling less than $0.1 million, and granted Stanford a specified number of our ordinary shares. In addition, we are
obligated to pay Stanford ongoing patent expenses and an annual license maintenance fee, which are nominal and will be creditable against any royalties payable to Stanford in the applicable year. We are required to make milestone payments up to an
aggregate of $5.0 million in respect of a specified number of licensed products that successfully satisfy certain clinical and regulatory milestones. No milestone payments have been made through December 31, 2019. We also agreed to pay
Stanford tiered royalties on a specified percentage of net sales made by us, our affiliates and our sublicensees of licensed products at rates ranging within low single-digit percentages, subject to certain reductions and offsets. Our license, on a
licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, shall become
royalty-free and fully paid-up upon the later of the date on which the last valid claim included in the exclusively or non-exclusively licensed patents expires and ten
years after the first commercial sale of the licensed product in such country. We may terminate the Stanford Agreement, on a licensed product-by-licensed product basis, at any time for any reason by providing at least 60 days’ written notice to Stanford. Stanford may terminate the Stanford Agreement if
we are in breach of any provision of the Stanford Agreement and fail to remedy such breach within 60 days after written notice of such breach by Stanford. In addition, Stanford has the right to terminate the Stanford Agreement, 116 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements on a licensed product-by-licensed product basis, if we are not diligently developing and commercializing such
licensed product under certain conditions or if we fail to achieve specified development milestones for such licensed product by certain dates, subject to our extension rights. Other Third-Party Agreements We have entered into license agreements with
third parties related to the development and commercialization of our product candidates, including ALX148, and SIRP a antibodies which we are exploring in
our research program. In consideration of the foregoing, we have agreed to customary payments terms in these agreements, including certain milestone payments upon the achievement of clinical and commercial milestones and low single-digit royalties.
See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Contractual Obligations and Commitments—License and Collaboration Agreements.” Commercialization We intend to retain significant development and
commercial rights to our product candidates and, if marketing approval is obtained, to commercialize our product candidates on our own, or potentially with a partner, in the United States and other regions. We currently have no sales, marketing or
commercial product distribution capabilities and have no experience as a company commercializing products. We intend to build the necessary infrastructure and capabilities over time for the United States, and potentially other regions, following
further advancement of our product candidates. Clinical data, the size of the addressable patient population, the size of the commercial infrastructure and manufacturing needs may all influence or alter our commercialization plans. Manufacturing and Supply We do not own or operate and do not intend to
establish our own manufacturing facilities. We rely on, and will continue to rely on, CMOs for both drug substance and drug product. Both ALX148 bulk drug substance and finished drug product are produced in accordance with cGMPs. Our existing supply of ALX148 drug product is sufficient to complete our clinical trials through the first half of 2021. We plan to manufacture additional supplies with
our existing CMOs to produce ALX148 drug product sufficient to complete the ongoing and planned clinical trials described in this document. We first entered into an engagement with KBI Biopharma, Inc. in 2015 for analytical method development,
formulation development, bulk drug manufacturing, release and stability testing. We first entered into a drug product manufacturing agreement with Lyophilization Services of New England, Inc. in 2016 and have subsequently used them for all ALX148
drug product used in clinical trials to date. Competition The
development and commercialization of new product candidates is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to ALX148 and will face competition with respect to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the
future, from major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies among others. We compete in the segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other related markets that develop immune-oncology therapies for the treatment
of cancer. There are other companies working to develop immuno-oncology therapies for the treatment of cancer including divisions of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies of various sizes. The large pharmaceutical and biotechnology
companies that have commercialized and/or are developing immuno-oncology treatments for cancer include AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer and Roche/Genentech. Some of these competitive products and therapies are based on scientific approaches that are the same as or similar to our approach, including with respect to the
targeting of CD47 pathway and others are based on entirely different approaches. We are aware that Apexigen, Arch Therapeutics, Bristol Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences (through its recent acquisition of Forty Seven), I-Mab, Innovent, Kahr, Novimmune, OSE Immunotherapeutics and Trillium Therapeutics, among others, are developing drugs targeting the CD47 pathway that may have utility for the treatment of indications that we
are targeting. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research,
development, manufacturing and commercialization. 117 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly
greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved drugs than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through
collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, in establishing clinical trial sites and enrolling subjects for our
clinical trials and in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. We could see a reduction or elimination of our commercial
opportunity if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we or our collaborators may develop. Our
competitors also may obtain FDA or foreign regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market.
The key competitive factors affecting the success of all our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience and price, if required, the level of biosimilar or generic competition and the availability of
reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. Government Regulation In the United States, the FDA, regulates biologic products under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and Public Health Service Act, or PHSA. Biologic products
and substances are subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires
the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any ti