: Investing in the Common Stock involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. You should read the “Risk Factors” section of this registration statement, including the prospectus, along with the information included under the same heading the documents incorporated by reference into this registration statement, including the prospectus, for a discussion of factors to consider before deciding to invest in the securities. Plan of Distribution: The Selling Stockholder may sell all or a portion of the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by it and offered hereby from time to time directly or through one or more underwriters, broker-dealers or agents. Registration of the Common Stock covered by this prospectus does not mean, however, that such shares necessarily will be offered or sold. See “Plan of Distribution.” Nasdaq Capital Market Common Stock Symbol: ALZN (1) The number of shares of Common Stock that will be outstanding after this offering is based on 7,376,011
shares of Common Stock outstanding as of May 31, 2024 and presumes that all of the shares registered for resale will be sold, but excludes: ● 2,404,506 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants; ● 2,100,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding Series B convertible preferred stock; ● 980,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options; ● 2,500 shares of Common Stock issuable upon vesting outstanding restricted stock units; and ● 620,000 shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our stock incentive plans. 4 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as those set forth in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are incorporated by reference into
this prospectus, as well as the other information set forth in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, before
deciding whether to invest in our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of may become important factors that
affect us. If any of these risks materializes, our business, financial condition or operating results may suffer, the trading price of
our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to the Offering It is not possible to predict the actual number
of Preferred Shares we will sell under the Purchase Agreement to the Selling Stockholder, or the actual gross proceeds resulting from
those sales, since we must meet the Milestones in order for the Selling Stockholder to be required to purchase additional Preferred Shares.
Consequently, we may not have access to the full amount available under the Purchase Agreement with the Selling Stockholder within the
foreseeable future, if at all. On the Execution Date, we
entered into the Purchase Agreement with the Selling Stockholder, pursuant to which the Selling Stockholder has committed to purchase
up to the $25 million of our Preferred Shares, subject to our achievement of certain Milestones (See the section entitled “ Private
Placement – The Milestones ” for further information about the Milestones). The Preferred Shares that will be issued under
the Purchase Agreement will, subject to our achievement of the Milestones, be sold by us to the Selling Stockholder from time to time
beginning on the date of the second tranche closing (a “Tranche Closing”) and continuing with sales of the third, fourth and
fifth Tranche Closings as provided for in the Purchase Agreement. Because it is currently impossible
to predict whether we will meet any of the Milestones, there can be no assurance that we will meet any of them. If we fail to meet any
or each of the four remaining Milestones, we will raise either no more funds from the Selling Stockholder beyond the $1 million we received
at the initial Tranche Closing, which we received on May 10, 2024, or only a portion of the contemplated aggregate of $25 million. Consequently,
we may not have access to the full amount available under the Purchase Agreement with the Selling Stockholder within the foreseeable future,
if at all. Our inability to access a
portion or the full amount available under the Purchase Agreement, in the absence of any other financing sources, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, in which case you would likely lose the entirety of your investment in our company. The Preferred Shares
are convertible into our Common Stock at a discount to the market price, which would increase the number of shares eligible for future
resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. Each
Preferred Share is convertible into such number of shares of our Common Stock equal to the stated value of the Preferred Shares, which
is $10,000 per share (the “Stated Value”) divided by the greater of (i) $0.25 per share and (ii) the lesser of (A) $1.50 and
(B) 80% of the lowest closing price of our Common Stock during the three trading days immediately prior to the date of conversion into
shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion Price”). Based upon a closing price of $0.5777 for our Common Stock during the three
trading days prior to the filing of this prospectus on June 3, 2024, the 2,450 Preferred Shares would be convertible, at the Conversion
Price of $0.46216 into approximately 53,011,944 Conversion Shares. However, because we cannot issue more than 19.99% of the shares of
Common Stock issued and outstanding on the Execution Date, or 1,375,310 such shares, the Preferred Shares would be unable to be converted
into more than 1,375,310 shares of our Common Stock, unless and until we obtain stockholder approval. The shares of our Common Stock issued
upon conversion of the Preferred Shares will result in dilution to the then existing holders of our Common Stock and increase the number
of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could adversely affect
the market price of our Common Stock. The certificate
of designations of rights and preferences of the Preferred Shares (the “Series A COD”) contains anti-dilution provisions
that may result in the reduction of the Conversion Price in the future. This feature may result in an increased number of shares of Common
Stock being issued upon conversion of the Preferred Shares. Sales of these shares will dilute the interests of other security holders
and may depress the price of our Common Stock and make it difficult for us to raise additional capital. The Series A COD contains
anti-dilution provisions, which provisions require the lowering of the applicable Conversion Price, as then in effect, to the purchase
price of equity or equity-linked securities issued in subsequent offerings. If in the future, while any of the Preferred Shares are outstanding,
we issue securities at an effective purchase price less than the applicable Conversion Price of the Preferred Shares as then in effect,
we will be required, subject to certain limitations and adjustments as provided in the Series A COD, to further reduce the Conversion
Price, subject to $0.25 (the “Floor Price”), which would result in a greater number of shares of Common Stock being issuable
upon conversion of the Preferred Shares, which in turn will have a greater dilutive effect on our stockholders. 5 The Series A COD of the Preferred Shares provides
for the payment of dividends in cash or in additional Preferred Shares, at the Selling Stockholder’s option, which could require
us to issue additional shares of Common Stock upon conversion of Preferred Shares issued as dividends. Each Preferred Share is entitled
to receive cumulative dividends at the rate per share of 15% per annum of the Stated Value. The dividends are payable, at the Selling
Stockholder’s discretion, in cash, out of any funds legally available for such purpose, or to be paid-in-kind in the form of additional
Preferred Shares (the “PIK Shares”). In the event that the Selling Stockholder elects to receive PIK Shares, that would increase
the number of Preferred Shares we would be required to pay as a dividend in the future and increase the number of shares of Conversion
Shares issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Shares. We will not be permitted to pay the dividend in cash unless we are legally permitted
to do so under Delaware law. As such, if we are unable to pay cash, it is likely that the Selling Stockholder would elect to receive PIK
Shares rather than accrue the receipt of the cash dividend payment, which would result in further dilution to our stockholders. Sales of a substantial number of our shares
of Common Stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause our stock price to fall. We may issue and sell additional
shares of Common Stock in the public markets, including as part of this offering. As a result, a substantial number of our shares of Common
Stock may be sold in the public market. Sales of a substantial number of our shares of Common Stock in the public markets, including in
connection with this offering, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our Common Stock and impair
our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We may not receive any additional funds upon
the exercise of the Warrants. In the event that there is
not an effective registration statement registering the Warrant Shares, the Warrants may be exercised by way of a cashless exercise, meaning
that the holder may not pay a cash purchase price upon exercise, but instead would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares
of our Common Stock determined according to the formula set forth in the Warrant. Accordingly, we may not receive any additional funds
upon the exercise of the Warrants. Because we do n