Before you decide to purchase shares of our Class A common stock, you should understand the high degree
of risk involved. You should consider carefully the following risks and other information in this prospectus, including our pro forma and historical financial statements and related notes. If any of
the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could
decline, perhaps significantly. Risks Related to Our Industry and Our Business We have no control over distributors of the films and our business may be adversely affected if our access to motion pictures is limited or delayed. We rely on distributors of motion pictures, over whom we have no control, for the films that we exhibit. Major motion picture
distributors are required by law to offer and license film to exhibitors, including us, on a film-by-film and theatre-by-theatre basis. Consequently, we cannot assure ourselves of a supply of motion
pictures by entering into long-term arrangements with major distributors, but must compete for our licenses on a film-by-film and theatre-by-theatre basis. Our business depends on maintaining good
relations with these distributors, as this affects our ability to negotiate commercially favorable licensing terms for first-run films or to obtain licenses at all. With only 7 distributors
representing approximately 90% of the U.S. box office in 2012, there is a high level of concentration in the industry. Our business may be adversely affected if our access to motion pictures is
limited or delayed because of deterioration in our relationships with one or more distributors or for some other reason. To the extent that we are unable to license a popular film for exhibition in
our theatres, our operating results may be adversely affected. We depend on motion picture production and performance. Our ability to operate successfully depends upon the availability, diversity and appeal of motion pictures, our ability to license
motion pictures and the performance of such motion pictures in our markets. The most attended films are usually released during the summer and the calendar year-end holidays, making our business
highly seasonal. We license first-run motion pictures, the success of which has increasingly depended on the marketing efforts of the major motion picture studios. Poor performance of, or any
disruption in the production of these motion pictures (including by reason of a strike or lack of adequate financing), or a reduction in the marketing efforts of the major motion picture studios,
could hurt our business and results of operations. Conversely, the successful performance of these motion pictures, particularly the sustained success of any one motion picture, or an increase in
effective marketing efforts of the major motion picture studios, may generate positive results for our business and operations in a specific fiscal quarter or year that may not necessarily be
indicative of, or comparable to, future results of operations. As movie studios rely on a smaller number of higher grossing "tent pole" films there may be increased pressure for higher film licensing
fees. In addition, a change in the type and breadth of movies offered by motion picture studios may adversely affect the demographic base of moviegoers. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our operations and prevent us from satisfying those debt obligations. We have a significant amount of debt. As of June 30, 2013, we had outstanding $2,200.4 million of indebtedness
($2,092.7 million face amount), which consisted of $771.2 million under our senior secured credit facility ($773.1 million face amount), $651.3 million of our senior notes
($600 million face amount), $658.3 million of our existing subordinated notes ($600.0 million
face amount) and $119.6 million of existing capital and financing lease obligations, and up to $150.0 million would have been available for borrowing as additional senior debt under our
senior secured credit facility. As of 20 Table of Contents June 30,
2013, we also had approximately $3.6 billion of undiscounted rental payments under operating leases (with initial base terms generally between 15 to 20 years). The
amount of our indebtedness and lease and other financial obligations could have important consequences to you. For example, it
could: • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, dividend
payments, acquisitions, general corporate purposes or other purposes; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of lease rentals and
principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for operations and any future business opportunities; • limit our planning flexibility for, or ability to react to, changes in our business and the industry; and • place us at a competitive disadvantage with competitors who may have less indebtedness and other obligations or greater
access to financing. If
we fail to make any required payment under our senior secured credit facility or to comply with any of the financial and operating covenants contained therein, we would be in default.
Lenders under our senior secured credit facility could then vote to accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness under the senior secured credit facility and foreclose upon the stock and personal
property of our subsidiaries that is pledged to secure the senior secured credit facility. Other creditors might then accelerate other indebtedness. If the lenders under the senior secured credit
facility accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness thereunder, we might not have sufficient assets to satisfy our obligations under the senior secured credit facility or our other indebtedness. See
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources." Our
indebtedness under our senior secured credit facility bears interest at rates that fluctuate with changes in certain prevailing interest rates (although, subject to certain
conditions, such rates may be fixed for certain periods). If interest rates increase, we may be unable to meet our debt service obligations under our senior secured credit facility and other
indebtedness. Limitations on the availability of capital may prevent deployment of strategic initiatives. Our key strategic initiatives, including recliner re-seats, enhanced food & beverage and premium sight & sound, require
significant capital expenditures to implement. Our net capital expenditures aggregated approximately $104.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013 and $139.4 million for
fiscal 2012. We estimate that our gross cash outflows for capital expenditures will be approximately $260.0 million to $290.0 million for calendar 2013 and will continue at approximately
$240.0 million annually over the next three years. Actual capital expenditures for calendar 2013 may differ materially from our estimates. The lack of available capital resources due to
business performance or other financial commitments could prevent or delay the deployment of innovations in our theatres. We may have to seek additional financing or issue additional securities to
fully implement our growth strategy. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain new financing on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, covenants under our existing indebtedness limit our
ability to incur additional indebtedness, and the performance of any additional or improved theatres may not be sufficient to service the related indebtedness that we are permitted to incur. We have had significant financial losses in previous years. Prior to fiscal 2007, we had reported net losses in each of the prior nine fiscal years totaling approximately $510.1 million.
For fiscal 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, the period March 30, 2012 21 Table of Contents through
August 30, 2012, and the period August 31, 2012 through December 31, 2012, we reported net earnings (losses) of $116.9 million, $(6.2) million, $(149.0) million,
$79.9 million, $(174.3) million, $(94.1) million, $90.2 million, and $(37.2) million, respectively. If we experience losses in the future, we may be unable to meet our payment
obligations while attempting to expand our theatre circuit and withstand competitive pressures or adverse economic conditions. We may be limited in our ability to utilize, or may not be able to utilize, net operating loss carryforwards to reduce our future tax liability. As of December 31, 2012 we had federal income tax loss carryforward of $671.9 million and state income tax loss
carryforward of $544.2 million which will be limited annually due to certain change in ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 382. Our federal tax loss
carryforwards will begin to expire in 2017 and will completely expire in 2031. Our state tax loss carryforwards may be used over various periods ranging from 1 to 20 years. We
have experienced numerous "ownership changes" within the meaning of Section 382(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including the Merger. These ownership
changes have and will continue to subject our tax loss carryforwards to annual limitations which will restrict our ability to use them to offset our taxable income in periods following the ownership
changes. In general, the annual use limitation equals the aggregate value of our equity at the time of the ownership change multiplied by a specified tax-exempt interest rate. We
have had significant financial losses in previous years and as a result we currently maintain a full valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets including our federal and state
tax loss carryforwards. We are subject, at times, to inten