: An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 5 of this prospectus for a discussion of the risk factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our securities. Nasdaq listing symbol: Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “AMIX.” The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 8,704,061 shares outstanding, which consists of (i) 6,194,147 shares outstanding as of September 19, 2025; (ii) 2,238,068 shares of common stock issuable in this offering; and (iii) 271,846 shares potentially issuable after the date of this prospectus in connection with the rounding of fractional shares in connection with the reverse stock split completed October 24, 2024 to the holders of our shares held in "street name", and excludes: ● 58,134 shares of common stock underlying outstanding warrants at a weighted average exercise price of $15.975 per share; ● 13,500 shares of common stock underlying outstanding options with a weighted average exercise price of $4.754 per share; ● 370,968 shares available for future issuance under the Autonomix Medical, Inc. 2023 Stock Plan; and ● 55,500 shares of common stock underlying outstanding Series A warrants in connection with the November 2024 public offering at a weighted average exercise price of $6.540 per share; ● 1,477,596 shares of common stock underlying outstanding Series B warrants in connection with the July 2025 Warrant Inducement offering at a weighted average exercise price of $1.723 per share; ● 91,985 shares of common stock underlying the Representative Warrants issuable to the underwriters in connection with the November 2024 public offering at a weighted average exercise price of $10.137; and ● 88,656 shares of common stock underlying the Representative Warrants issuable to the underwriters in connection with the July 2025 Warrant Inducement offering at a weighted average exercise price of $2.671. Except as otherwise indicated, the information in this prospectus assumes no exercise of options or warrants. 4 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our securities, you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties discussed hereunder “ Risk Factors ” . You should carefully consider each of the following risks, together with all other information set forth in this prospectus, including the financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to buy our securities. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to this Offering It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares of common stock we may sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement, or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. Because the purchase price per share to be paid by Lincoln Park for the shares of common stock that we may elect to sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement, if any, will fluctuate based on the market prices of our common stock at the time we elect to sell shares to Lincoln Park pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, if any, it is not possible for us to predict, as of the date of this prospectus and prior to any such sales, the number of shares of common stock that we will sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement, the purchase price per share that Lincoln Park will pay for shares purchased from us under the Purchase Agreement, or the aggregate gross proceeds that we will receive from those purchases by Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. Lincoln Park may sell the shares of our common stock described in this prospectus in a number of different ways and at varying prices. The number of shares of our common stock ultimately offered for sale by Lincoln Park is dependent upon the number of shares of common stock, if any, we ultimately sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. The terms of the Purchase Agreement limit the amount of shares of common stock we may issue to Lincoln Park, which may limit our ability to utilize the arrangement to enhance our cash resources. The Purchase Agreement includes restrictions on our ability to sell shares of common stock to Lincoln Park, including, subject to specified limitations, if a sale would cause Lincoln Park and its affiliates to beneficially own shares of our common stock in an amount exceeding 4.99% of the outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, under applicable rules of Nasdaq, in no event may we issue or sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement shares of our common stock, including the Commitment Shares, in excess of 1,075,767 shares in the aggregate, representing 19.99% of the shares of our common stock outstanding on the date of the Purchase Agreement, unless (i) we first obtain stockholder approval to issue shares in excess of such aggregate share issuance limitation under the Purchase Agreement, or (ii) the average price of all applicable sales of the shares of common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement equals or exceeds $1.3351 per share Base Price, so that such aggregate share issuance limitation would not apply under applicable Nasdaq rules to issuances and sales of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. A﻿t the 2025 annual meeting of our stockholders to be held on October 30, 2025, among other things, we are seeking the requisite stockholder authorization in accordance with applicable Nasdaq listing rules to issue and sell more than the 1,075,767 aggregate share issuance limitation referred to above, if we so choose, to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement. Accordingly, if such requisite stockholder approval is obtained, we would be able to issue and sell to Lincoln Park, in addition to the 261,932 Commitment Shares we have already issued to Lincoln Park on August 25, 2025, all of the 2,238,068 shares of common stock as Purchase Shares under the Purchase Agreement that are being registered under the Securities Act for resale by Lincoln Park under the registration statement that includes this prospectus, at purchase prices averaging less than the Base Price, without any further aggregate share issuance limitations under Nasdaq rules. However, we cannot guarantee that we will obtain such requisite stockholder approval at the 2025 annual meeting of our stockholders to be held on October 30, 2025, and therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to issue and sell to Lincoln Park, in addition to the 261,932 Commitment Shares we have already issued to Lincoln Park on August 25, 2025, all of the 2,238,068 shares of common stock as Purchase Shares under the Purchase Agreement that are being registered under the Securities Act for resale by Lincoln Park under the registration statement that includes this prospectus. If we cannot sell to Lincoln Park the full amount of the Purchase Shares that Lincoln Park has committed to purchase under the Purchase Agreement because of the beneficial ownership limitation or the applicability of the Nasdaq aggregate share issuance limitation to issuances and sales of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement, we may be required to utilize more costly and time-consuming means of accessing the capital markets, which could materially adversely affect our  liquidity and cash position. If we choose to sell more shares of common stock than are offered under this prospectus, we must first register for resale under the Securities Act such additional shares of common stock. Investors who buy shares at different times will likely pay different prices. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the timing, prices, and numbers of shares sold to Lincoln Park. If and when we do elect to sell shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, after Lincoln Park has acquired such shares, Lincoln Park may resell all, some or none of such shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion and at different prices. As a result, investors who purchase shares from Lincoln Park in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices for those shares, and so may experience different levels of dilution and in some cases substantial dilution and different outcomes in their investment results. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase from Lincoln Park in this offering as a result of future sales made by us to Lincoln Park at prices lower than the prices such investors paid for their shares in this offering. 5 Table of Contents The sale or issuance of our common stock to Lincoln Park may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of common stock by Lincoln Park that it acquires pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to decrease. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Lincoln Park has committed to purchase up to $15.0 million of our common stock. Upon the execution of the Purchase Agreement, we issued 261,932 Commitment Shares to Lincoln Park as a fee for its commitment to purchase shares of our common stock under the Purchase Agreement, for which we will not receive any cash consideration. The shares of our common stock that may be issued under the Purchase Agreement may be sold by us to Lincoln Park at our sole discretion from time to time over a 24-month period commencing after the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The purchase price for the shares that we may sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement will fluctuate based on the trading price of our common stock. Depending on market liquidity at the time, sales of such shares may cause the trading price of our comm