— We may have liability to our customers under
    our ESPCs if our projects fail to deliver the energy use
    reductions to which we are committed under the contract.” Payments by the federal government for energy efficiency
    measures are based on the services provided and the products
    installed, but are limited to the savings derived from such
    measures, calculated in accordance with federal regulatory
    guidelines and the specific contract’s terms. The savings
    are typically determined by comparing energy use and other costs
    before and after the installation of the energy efficiency
    measures, adjusted for changes that affect energy use and other
    costs but are not caused by the energy efficiency measures. For projects involving the construction of a small-scale
    renewable energy plant that we own and operate, we enter into
    long-term contracts to supply the electricity, processed LFG,
    heat or cooling generated by the plant to the customer, which is
    typically a utility, municipality, industrial facility or other
    large purchaser of energy. The rights to use the site for the
    plant and purchase of renewable fuel for the plant are also
    obtained by us under long-term agreements with terms at least as
    long as the associated output supply agreement. Our supply
    agreements typically provide for fixed prices or prices that
    escalate at a fixed rate or vary based on a market benchmark.
    See “Risk Factors — We may assume responsibility
    under customer contracts for factors outside our control,
    including, in connection with some customer projects, the risk
    that fuel prices will increase.” Project
    Financing To finance projects with federal governmental agencies, we
    typically sell to the lenders our right to receive a portion of
    the long-term payments from the customer arising out of the
    project for a purchase price reflecting a discount to the
    aggregate amount due from the customer. The purchase price is
    generally advanced to us over the implementation period based on
    completed work or a schedule predetermined to coincide with the
    construction of the project. Under the terms of these financing
    arrangements, we are required to complete the construction or
    installation of the project in accordance with the contract with
    our customer, and the debt remains on our consolidated balance
    sheet until the completed project is accepted by the customer.
    Once the completed project is accepted by the customer, the
    financing is treated as a true sale and the related receivable
    and financing liability are removed from our consolidated
    balance sheet. Institutional customers, such as state and local governments,
    schools and public housing authorities, typically finance their
    energy efficiency and renewable energy projects through either
    tax-exempt leases or issuances of municipal bonds. We assist in
    the structuring of such third-party financing. In some instances, customers prefer that we retain ownership of
    the renewable energy plants and related project assets that we
    construct for them. In these projects, we typically enter into a
    long-term supply agreement to furnish electricity, gas, heat or
    cooling to the customer’s facility. To finance the
    significant upfront capital costs required to develop and
    construct the plant, we rely either on our internal cash flow
    or, in some cases, third-party debt. For project financing by
    third-party lenders, we typically establish a separate
    subsidiary, usually a limited liability company, to own the
    project assets and related contracts. The subsidiary contracts
    with us for construction and operation of the project and enters
    into a financing agreement directly with the lenders.
    Additionally, we will provide assurance to the lender that the
    project will achieve commercial operation. Although the
    financing is secured by the assets of the subsidiary and a
    pledge of our equity interests in the subsidiary, and is
    non-recourse to Ameresco, we may from time to time determine to
    provide financial support to the subsidiary in order to maintain
    rights to the project or otherwise avoid the adverse
    consequences of a default. The amount of such financing is
    included on our consolidated balance sheet. 43 Table of Contents In addition to project-related debt, we currently maintain a
    $50 million revolving senior secured credit facility with a
    commercial bank to finance our working capital needs. Effects
    of Seasonality We are subject to seasonal fluctuations and construction cycles,
    particularly in climates that experience colder weather during
    the winter months, such as the northern United States and
    Canada, or at educational institutions, where large projects are
    typically carried out during summer months when their facilities
    are unoccupied. In addition, government customers, many of which
    have fiscal years that do not coincide with ours, typically
    follow annual procurement cycles and appropriate funds on a
    fiscal-year basis even though contract performance may take more
    than one year. Further, government contracting cycles can be
    affected by the timing of, and delays in, the legislative
    process related to government programs and incentives that help
    drive demand for energy efficiency and renewable energy
    projects. As a result, our revenue and operating income in the
    third quarter are typically higher, and our revenue and
    operating income in the first quarter are typically lower, than
    in other quarters of the year. As a result of such fluctuations,
    we may occasionally experience declines in revenue or earnings
    as compared to the immediately preceding quarter, and
    comparisons of our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Our annual and quarterly financial results are also subject to
    significant fluctuations as a result of other factors, many of
    which are outside our control. See “Risk
    Factors — Our operating results may fluctuate
    significantly from quarter to quarter and may fall below
    expectations in any particular fiscal quarter.” Backlog
    and Awarded Projects As of December 31, 2009, we had backlog of approximately
    $590 million in future revenue under signed customer
    contracts for the installation or construction of projects,
    which we expect to be recognized over the period from 2010 to
    2013, and we had been awarded, but not yet signed customer
    contracts for, projects with estimated total future revenue of
    an additional $700 million. We also expect to realize
    recurring revenue both under long-term O&M contracts and
    under energy supply contracts for renewable energy plants that
    we own. See “Risk Factors — We may not recognize
    all revenue from our backlog or receive all payments anticipated
    under awarded projects and customer contracts.” Financial
    Operations Overview Revenue We derive revenue from energy efficiency and renewable energy
    products and services. Our energy efficiency products and
    services include the design, engineering and installation of
    equipment and other measures to improve the efficiency and
    control the operation of a facility’s energy
    infrastructure. Our renewable energy products and services
    include the construction of small-scale plants that produce
    electricity, gas, heat or cooling from renewable sources of
    energy, the sale of such electricity, processed LFG, heat or
    cooling from plants that we own, and the sale and installation
    of solar energy products and systems. While in any particular quarter a single customer may account
    for more than ten percent of revenue, in 2007, 2008 and 2009, no
    customer accounted for more than ten percent of our revenue. Direct
    Expenses and Gross Margin Direct expenses include the cost of labor, materials, equipment,
    subcontracting and outside engineering that are required for the
    development and installation of our projects, as well as
    preconstruction costs, sales incentives, associated travel,
    inventory obsolescence charges, and, if applicable, costs of
    procuring financing. A majority of our contracts have fixed
    price terms; however, in some cases we negotiate protections,
    such as a cost-plus structure, to mitigate the risk of rising
    prices for materials, services and equipment. Direct expenses also include the costs of maintaining and
    operating the small-scale renewable energy plants that we own,
    including the cost of fuel (if any) and depreciation charges. 44 Table of Contents Gross margin, which is gross profit as a percent of revenue, is
    affected by a number of factors, including the type of services
    performed and the geographic region in which the sale is made.
    Renewable energy projects that we own and operate typically have
    higher margins than energy efficiency projects, and sales in the
    United States typically have higher margins than in Canada due
    to the typical mix of products and services that we sell there. Operating
    Expenses Operating expenses consist of salaries and benefits, project
    development costs, and general, administrative and other
    expenses. Salaries and benefits. Salaries and benefits consist
    primarily of expenses for personnel not directly engaged in
    specific project or revenue generating activity. These expenses
    include the time of executive management, legal, finance,
    accounting, human resources, information technology and other
    staff not utilized in a particular project. We employ a
    comprehensive time card system which creates a contemporaneous
    record of the actual time by employees on project activity. We
    expect salaries and benefits to increase as we in