An investment in our common stock involves a number of risks.
    Before making a decision to purchase our common stock, you
    should carefully consider the following information about these
    risks, together with the other information contained in this
    prospectus. Any of the risks described below could result in a
    significant or material adverse effect on our business,
    financial condition or results of operations, and a decline in
    the market price of our common stock. You could lose all or part
    of your investment. Risks
    Related to Our Business Our loss
    reserves are based on estimates and may be inadequate to cover
    our actual losses. We must establish and maintain reserves for our estimated
    liability for loss and loss adjustment expenses. We establish
    loss reserves that represent an estimate of amounts needed to
    pay and administer claims with respect to insured events that
    have occurred, including events that have occurred but have not
    yet been reported to us. Reserves are based on estimates of the
    ultimate cost of individual claims. These estimates are
    inherently uncertain. Judgment is required to determine the
    relevance of historical payment and claim settlement patterns
    under current facts and circumstances. The interpretation of
    this historical data can be impacted by external forces,
    principally legislative changes, economic fluctuations and legal
    trends. If there are unfavorable changes in our assumptions, our
    reserves may need to be increased. Workers’ compensation claims often are paid over a long
    period of time. In addition, there are no policy limits on our
    liability for workers’ compensation claims as there are for
    other forms of insurance. Therefore, estimating reserves for
    workers’ compensation claims may be more uncertain than
    estimating reserves for other types of insurance claims with
    shorter or more definite periods between occurrence of the claim
    and final determination of the loss and with policy limits on
    liability for claim amounts. Accordingly, our reserves may prove
    to be inadequate to cover our actual losses. If we change our
    estimates, these changes would result in adjustments to our
    reserves and our loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred in
    the period in which the estimates are changed. If the estimate
    is increased, our pre-tax income for the period in which we make
    the change will decrease by a corresponding amount. In addition,
    increasing reserves results in a reduction in our surplus and
    could result in a downgrade in our A.M. Best rating. Such a
    downgrade could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to sell
    insurance policies. If we do
    not accurately establish our premium rates, our results of
    operations will be adversely affected. In general, the premium rates for our insurance policies are
    established when coverage is initiated and, therefore, before
    all of the underlying costs are known. Like other workers’
    compensation insurance companies, we rely on estimates and
    assumptions in setting our premium rates. Establishing adequate
    rates is necessary, together with investment income, to generate
    sufficient revenue to offset losses, loss adjustment expenses
    and other underwriting expenses and to earn a profit. If we fail
    to accurately assess the risks that we assume, we may fail to
    charge adequate premium rates to cover our losses and expenses,
    which could reduce our net income and cause us to become
    unprofitable. For example, when initiating coverage on a
    policyholder, we estimate future claims expense based, in part,
    on prior claims information provided by the policyholder’s
    previous insurance carriers. If this prior claims information is
    not accurate, we may underprice our policy by using claims
    estimates that are too low. As a result, our actual costs for
    providing insurance coverage to our policyholders may be
    significantly higher than our premiums. In order to set premium
    rates accurately, we must: • collect and properly analyze a substantial volume of data; • develop, test and apply appropriate rating formulae; • closely monitor and timely recognize changes in trends; and • project both frequency and severity of losses with reasonable
    accuracy. 9 Table of Contents We must also implement our pricing accurately in accordance with
    our assumptions. Our ability to undertake these efforts
    successfully, and as a result set premium rates accurately, is
    subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, principally: • insufficient reliable data; • incorrect or incomplete analysis of available data; • uncertainties generally inherent in estimates and assumptions; • our inability to implement appropriate rating formulae or other
    pricing methodologies; • costs of ongoing medical treatment; • our inability to accurately estimate retention, investment
    yields and the duration of our liability for loss and loss
    adjustment expenses; and • unanticipated court decisions, legislation or regulatory action. Consequently, we could set our premium rates too low, which
    would negatively affect our results of operations and our
    profitability, or we could set our premium rates too high, which
    could reduce our competitiveness and lead to lower revenues. A
    downgrade in our A.M. Best rating would likely reduce the
    amount of business we are able to write. Rating agencies evaluate insurance companies based on their
    ability to pay claims. We are currently assigned a group letter
    rating of “A−” (Excellent) from A.M. Best,
    which is the rating agency that we believe has the most
    influence on our business. This rating is assigned to companies
    that, in the opinion of A.M. Best, have demonstrated an
    excellent overall performance when compared to industry
    standards. A.M. Best considers “A−” rated
    companies to have an excellent ability to meet their ongoing
    obligations to policyholders. The ratings of A.M. Best are
    subject to periodic review using, among other things,
    proprietary capital adequacy models, and are subject to revision
    or withdrawal at any time. A.M. Best ratings are directed
    toward the concerns of policyholders and insurance agencies and
    are not intended for the protection of investors or as a
    recommendation to buy, hold or sell securities. Our competitive
    position relative to other companies is determined in part by
    our A.M. Best rating. Any downgrade in our rating would
    likely adversely affect our business through the loss of certain
    existing and potential policyholders and the loss of
    relationships with certain independent agencies. The
    workers’ compensation insurance industry is cyclical in
    nature, which may affect our overall financial
    performance. The financial performance of the workers’ compensation
    insurance industry has historically fluctuated with periods of
    low premium rates and excess underwriting capacity resulting
    from increased competition followed by periods of high premium
    rates and shortages of underwriting capacity resulting from
    decreased competition. Although the financial performance of an
    individual insurance company is dependent on its own specific
    business characteristics, the profitability of most
    workers’ compensation insurance companies generally tends
    to follow this cyclical market pattern. Beginning in 2000 and
    accelerating in 2001, the workers’ compensation insurance
    industry experienced a market reflecting increasing premium
    rates, more restrictive policy coverage terms and more
    conservative risk selection. We believe these trends slowed
    beginning in 2004. We also believe the current workers’
    compensation insurance market is slowly transitioning to a more
    competitive market environment in which underwriting capacity
    and price competition may increase. This additional underwriting
    capacity may result in increased competition from other
    insurance carriers expanding the kinds or amounts of business
    they write or seeking to maintain or increase market share at
    the expense of underwriting discipline. Because this cyclicality
    is due in large part to the actions of our competitors and
    general economic factors, we cannot predict the timing or
    duration of changes in the market cycle. While we have not
    experienced significant increased price competition in our
    target markets during 2005 and the first six months of 2006,
    these cyclical patterns could cause our revenues and net income
    to fluctuate, which may cause the price of our common stock to
    be volatile. 10 Table of Contents If we are
    unable to obtain reinsurance on favorable terms, our ability to
    write policies could be adversely affected. We purchase reinsurance to protect us from the impact of large
    losses. Reinsurance is an arrangement in which an insurance
    company, called the ceding company, transfers insurance risk by
    sharing premiums with another insurance company, called the
    reinsurer. Conversely, the reinsurer receives or assumes
    reinsurance from the ceding company. Our 2006 reinsurance
    program provides us with reinsurance coverage for each loss
    occurrence up to $30.0 million, subject to applicable
    deductibles, retentions and aggregate limits. However, for any
    loss occurrence involving only one person, our reinsurance
    coverage is limited to $10.0 million, subject to applicable
    deductibles, retentions and aggregate limits. We retain the
    first $1.0 million of each loss and are subject to an
    annual aggregate deductible of approximately $10.8 million
    for losses between $1.0 million and $2.0 million
    before our reinsurers are obligated to reimburse us. After the
   