set forth in any prospectus supplements
and in our most recent annual and quarterly filings with the SEC, as well as other information in this prospectus and any prospectus supplements
and the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein, before purchasing our securities. Each of the risk factors could adversely
affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. Overview Amesite’s smart, intuitive
learning environments help organizations thrive. Amesite is a high tech artificial intelligence software company offering a cloud-based
platform and content creation services for business and university-delivered education and upskilling. Amesite-offered courses and programs
are branded to our part. Amesite uses artificial intelligence technologies to provide customized environments for learners, easy-to-manage
interfaces for instructors, and greater accessibility for learners in the US education market and beyond. We leverage existing institutional
infrastructures, adding mass customization and cutting-edge technology to provide cost-effective, scalable and engaging experiences for
learners anywhere. We are passionate about improving
the learner experience and learner outcomes in online learning products, and improving our Customers’ ability to create and deliver
both. We are focused on creating the best possible technology solutions and have been awarded an innovation award for our product. We
are committed to our team, and have been recognized with 10 workplace excellence awards, 4 of them national. Amesite offers our white label
platform to our customers: universities, museums, businesses and government agencies. Our customers offer learning to their users, who
are students, professional learners and / or their own employees. Amesite derives revenue from the licensing of our platform, and user
fees associated with its use by our customers for their users. Some of our customers generate revenue using our systems, including universities
and museums. - 1 - Recent Developments Reverse Stock Split On February 15, 2023, the Company held
a special meeting of stockholders (the “Special Meeting”). At the Special Meeting,
the stockholders approved a proposal to amend the Company’s certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse split of the Company’s
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 at a specific ratio within a range of one-for five (1-for-5) to a maximum of one-for-fifty
(1-for-50) to be determined by the Company’s board of directors in its sole discretion. Following the Special
Meeting, the board of directors approved a one-for-twelve (1-for-12) reverse split of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares
of common stock (the “Reverse Stock Split”). On February 21, 2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware a certificate of amendment to its certificate of incorporation (the “Certificate of Amendment”) to effect the
Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split became effective as of 4:01 p.m. Eastern Time on February 21, 2023, and the Company’s
common stock is expected to begin trading on a split-adjusted basis when the Nasdaq Stock Market opens on February 22, 2023. When the Reverse Stock
Split became effective, every twelve (12) shares of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock were automatically combined,
converted and changed into one (1) share the Company’s common stock, without any change in the number of authorized shares or the
par value per share. In addition, a proportionate adjustment was made to the per share exercise price and the number of shares issuable
upon the exercise of all outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and warrants to purchase shares of common stock and the number
of shares reserved for issuance pursuant to the company’s equity incentive compensation plans. Any fraction of a share of common
stock that would be created as a result of the Reverse Stock Split was rounded up to the next whole share. All share and per share
information in this prospectus (other than the historical financial statements incorporated by reference herein) has been adjusted to
reflect the reverse stock split. - 2 - Implication of Being an Emerging Growth Company We are an “emerging
growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the “JOBS Act”). We will
remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion
of our initial public offering, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of at least $1.07 billion,
(3) the date on which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
exceeded $700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (4) the date on which we have
issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. An emerging growth company may take
advantage of specified reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally
applicable to public companies. As an emerging growth company, ● we may reduce our executive
compensation disclosure; ● we may present only two years
of audited financial statements, plus unaudited condensed financial statements for any interim period, and related Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Prospectus; ● we may avail ourselves of the
exemption from the requirement to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on the assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; and ● we may not require stockholder
non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. We have availed ourselves
in this Prospectus of the reduced reporting requirements described above with respect to compensation disclosure requirements and selected
financial data. As a result, the information that we provide stockholders may be less comprehensive than what you might receive from other
public companies. When we are no longer deemed to be an emerging growth company, we will not be entitled to the exemptions provided in
the JOBS Act discussed above. We have not elected to avail ourselves of the exemption that allows emerging growth companies to extend
the transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards. This election is irrevocable. - 3 - As a company with less than
$1.0 billion in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an “emerging growth company.” Smaller Reporting Company We are also currently a “smaller
reporting company,” meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent
company that is not a smaller reporting company, and have a public float of less than $250 million or annual revenues of less than $100
million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a “smaller reporting company,”
at such time as we cease being an “emerging growth company,” the disclosure we will be required to provide in our SEC filings
will increase, but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an “emerging growth company” or a
“smaller reporting company.” Specifically, similar to “emerging growth companies,” “smaller reporting companies”
are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including,
among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures
in our SEC filings due to our status as an “emerging growth company” or “smaller reporting company” may make it
harder for investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. Risks Associated with Our Business Our business and our ability
to implement our business strategy are subject to numerous risks, as more fully described in the section entitled “Risk Factors”
in this prospectus and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, incorporated herein by reference. You
should read these risks before you invest in our securities. We may be unable, for many reasons, including those that are beyond our control,
to implement our business strategy. Corporate Information and History The Company was incorporated
in November 2017. The Company is an artificial intelligence driven platform and course designer, that provides customized, high performance
and scalable online products for schools and businesses. The Company uses machine learning to provide a novel, mass customized experience
to learners. The Company’s customers are businesses, universities and colleges, and K-12 schools. The Company’s activities
are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. The Company’s operations are in one segment. On September 18, 2020, we
consummated a reorganizational merger (the “Reorganization”), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger
Agreement”), dated July 14, 2020, whereby Amesite Inc. (“Amesite Parent”), our former parent corporation, merged with
and into us, with our Company resulting as the surviving entity. In connection with the same, we filed a Certificate of Ownership and
Merger with the Secretary of State of the State