” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview AngioDynamics is a leading provider of innovative medical devices used in minimally invasive, image-guided procedures to
treat peripheral vascular disease, or PVD. We design, develop, manufacture and market a broad line of therapeutic and diagnostic devices that enable interventional physicians (interventional radiologists, vascular surgeons and others) to treat PVD
and other non-coronary diseases. We believe that we are the only company whose primary focus is to offer a comprehensive product line for the interventional treatment of these diseases. For the past five fiscal years, over 95% of our net sales were
from single use, disposable products. For the past three
fiscal years our aggregate net sales from the following product categories have grown at a CAGR of 28.2%: 2001 2002 2003 $ % $ % $ % (dollars in thousands) Angiographic products and accessories $ 11,895 50.8 % $ 13,042 42.2 % $ 13,701 35.6 % Hemodialysis catheters 3,227 13.8 6,227 20.2 9,371 24.4 PTA dilation catheters 1,387 5.9 2,384 7.7 3,048 7.9 Thrombolytic products 2,623 11.2 2,808 9.1 2,989 7.8 Image-guided vascular access products 808 3.5 1,867 6.0 2,656 6.9 Endovascular Laser Venous System products — — — — 2,106 5.5 Drainage products 1,018 4.4 1,103 3.6 1,311 3.4 Other 2,432 10.4 3,459 11.2 3,252 8.5 $ 23,390 100.0 % $ 30,890 100.0 % $ 38,434 100.0 % We sell our broad line
of quality device products in the United States through a direct sales force comprised of 35 sales persons, five regional managers and a vice president of sales. Outside the United States, we sell our products indirectly through a network of
distributors in 26 markets. For each of our last three fiscal years, less than 10% of our net sales were in markets outside the United States. Our growth depends in large part on the continuous introduction of new and innovative products, together with ongoing enhancements to our existing
products, through internal product development, technology licensing and strategic alliances. Approximately 67% of our sales growth over our past two fiscal years was attributable to products in three categories — hemodialysis catheters,
image-guided vascular access, or IGVA, products and our elvs product line — that were obtained or developed either under licensing arrangements or through strategic alliances with third parties. We also achieved significant growth in sales of
angiographic catheters and PTA dilation catheters, which we developed internally. Additionally, about 55% of our net sales for fiscal 2003 were from products introduced in the last five 26 Table of Contents years. For each of the past three fiscal years, we invested at least 6% of our net sales in research and development. We expect our research and development
expenditures to exceed 7% of net sales for fiscal 2004 and to approximate 8% of net sales in the future. For fiscal 2003, approximately 40% of our net sales were derived from products manufactured for us by third parties. Going forward, we intend to
manufacture some of these products to achieve lower product costs and increased profitability. We recently expanded our facility to provide us with significantly greater manufacturing capacity and to accommodate additional research, development and
administrative requirements. There is
significant competition among physicians to perform peripheral interventional procedures for PVD and other non-coronary diseases. We believe that the interventional radiologists and vascular surgeons who comprise our primary customer base will
continue to capture a significant portion of these procedures due to several factors, including the increased focus by interventional radiologists on improving their clinical practice management skills and the increased partnering of interventional
radiologists and vascular surgeons. However, as interventional procedures have gained greater acceptance, other medical specialists, particularly cardiologists, are competing for patients with peripheral vascular and other non-coronary disorders,
and we expect this competition to intensify. If these physicians increase their share of interventional treatments at the expense of our primary customers, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. Several of our competitors are focused primarily on
cardiology and have established relationships with many cardiologists, and may be better positioned than us to take advantage of any increased opportunities for sales to these physicians. In 2000, we made a strategic decision to focus on the market
for interventional therapies for PVD and to exit the cardiovascular disease market due primarily to intensive competition and the significant resource requirements for competing successfully in that market. To date, our primary sources of financing have been loans and capital
contributions from E-Z-EM, long-term bank debt and cash generated from operations. Following the completion of this offering, we will not receive any additional financing from E-Z-EM. Furthermore, we are, and will be for two years following the
distribution by E-Z-EM of our stock to its stockholders, subject to restrictions on our ability to raise capital by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, or to use our equity securities to acquire other businesses or assets. Additionally,
we have historically provided contract manufacturing services to E-Z-EM. For fiscal 2003, our net sales for these services were $545,000. These arrangements will continue after our separation from E-Z-EM, but may be discontinued by E-Z-EM at any
time on 60 days’ prior notice. Further, as a stand-alone publicly held company, we will incur additional expenses, including significantly higher premiums for directors and officers insurance and product liability insurance. Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Our significant accounting policies are summarized in Note A to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. While all these significant accounting policies affect the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations, we view certain of these policies as critical.
Policies determined to be critical are those policies that have the most significant impact on our financial statements and require us to use a greater degree of judgment and/or estimates. Actual results may differ from those estimates. The
accounting policies identified as critical are as follows: Revenue Recognition We recognize revenues in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as outlined in the SEC’s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, “Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements,” which requires that four basic criteria be met before revenue can be
recognized: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement 27 Table of Contents exists; (ii) the price is fixed or determinable; (iii) collectability is reasonably assured; and (iv) product delivery has occurred or services have been
rendered. Decisions relative to criterion (iii) regarding collectability are based upon our judgments, as discussed under “Accounts Receivable” below, and should conditions change in the future and cause us to determine this criterion is
not met, our results of operations may be affected. We recognize revenue as products are shipped and title passes to customers. We negotiate shipping and credit terms on a customer-by-customer basis and products are shipped at an agreed upon price.
All product returns must be pre-approved by us and, if approved, customers are subject to a 20% restocking charge. To be accepted, a returned product must be unadulterated, undamaged and must have at least 12 months remaining prior to its expiration
date. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are generally due within 30 to 60 days and are stated at
amounts due from customers, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. We perform ongoing customer credit evaluations and adjust credit limits based upon payment history and the customers’ current credit worthiness, as determined by a review of
their current credit information. We continuously monitor aging reports, collections and payments from customers, and maintain a provision for estimated credit losses based upon historical experience and any specific customer collection issues we
identify. While such credit losses have historically been within our expectations and allowances, we cannot guarantee the same credit loss rates will be experienced in the future. We write off accounts receivable when they become uncollectible. For
the period from the beginning of fiscal 2002 to November 29, 2003, our write offs of accounts receivable aggregated $28,000. Income Taxes In preparing our financial statements, we calculate income tax expense for each jurisdiction in which we operate. This involves estimating actual current
taxes due plus assessing temporary differences arising from differing treatment for tax and accounting purposes that are recorded as deferred tax assets and liabilities. We periodically evaluate deferred tax assets, capital loss carryforwards and
tax credit carryforwards to determine their recoverability based primarily on our ability to generate future taxable income and capital gains. Where their recovery is not likely, we estimate a valuation allowance and record a corresponding
additional tax expense in our statement of earnings. If actual results differ from our estimates due to changes in assumptions, the provision for income taxes could be materially affected. As of May 31, 2003, our valuation allowance and net deferred
tax asset were approximately $1.2 million and $1.5 million, respectively. We have a tax allocation and indemnification arrangement with E-Z-EM with whom we file a consolidated Federal tax return. Under this arrangement, we pay Federal income tax based on the amount of taxable income we
generate and are credited for Federal tax benefits we generate that can be used by us or other members of the consolidated group. Th