described in this “Risk Factors” section. If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not
being held in the trust account are insufficient, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public shareholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our
warrants will expire without value to the holder. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to
allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that, upon the closing of this offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be
sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us
with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a 45 Table of Contents “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around
for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or
merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue
searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire without value to the holder. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors described in this “Risk Factors”
section. If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient
to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or
management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately $1,500,000 will be available to us
initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $1,000,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount
of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of $1,000,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the
trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our
sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us
upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical
to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to
loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to
cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire without value to the
holder. See “—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00
per share” and other risk factors described in this “Risk Factors” section. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business
combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause
you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we
combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues in relation to a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors
outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. For example, Hyzon, which completed a business 46 Table of Contents combination with Decarb I (sponsored by an affiliate of Riverstone), and certain of Hyzon’s former officers settled an SEC complaint in September 2023, pursuant to which the SEC alleged that
Hyzon and those former Hyzon officers committed fraud in the leadup to the business combination by misleading investors regarding Hyzon’s sales pipeline. As part of the settlement, Hyzon agreed to pay $25 million in civil penalties. While
the SEC complaint did not assert claims or allege wrongdoing by Decarb I’s sponsor or management team and Decarb I believes that it completed extensive and customary diligence in connection with the business combination, Decarb I’s
diligence process did not identify the alleged misrepresentations. There can be no assurance that extensive and customary diligence will identify all material issues in relation to a particular business combination target or that it would be
possible to uncover all material issues through such diligence. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our
reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks
may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges
of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could
suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Changes in laws
or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect