.” At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the nature, timing, or costs required to complete the remaining development of our current or any future product candidates. As a result of these
uncertainties, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates. General and Administrative Expenses Our general and
administrative expenses consist primarily of payroll and personnel-related expenses, including salaries and bonuses, payroll taxes, employee benefit costs, and non-cash stock-based compensation. Other general
and administrative expenses include legal costs of pursuing patent protection of our intellectual property, and professional service fees for auditing, tax, and general legal services. We expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to
increase in the future as we increase our headcount, expand our operating activities, prepare for potential commercialization of our current and future product candidates, and support our operations as a public company, including increased expenses
related to legal, accounting, regulatory, and tax-related services associated with maintaining compliance with requirements of The Nasdaq Global Market and the SEC, directors and officers liability insurance
premiums and investor relations activities. Interest Income Interest income consists of interest income and investment income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and investments. Other Expense Other expense consists of changes to the
estimated fair value of the redeemable convertible preferred stock tranche liability and expense associated with foreign currency fluctuations. 84 Table of Contents Results of Operations Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 The following table sets forth the significant components of our results of operations: Year Ended December 31, Change % Change 2020 2021 (in thousands, except percentages) Operating Expenses: Research and development $ 5,366 $ 16,156 $ 10,790 201 % Research and development—related party 653 750 97 15 General and administrative 1,265 4,668 3,403 269 Total operating expenses 7,284 21,574 14,290 196 Loss from operations (7,284 ) (21,574 ) (14,290 ) 196 Interest income 3 69 66 NM Other expense (6,322 ) (38 ) 6,284 (99 ) Net loss $ (13,603 ) $ (21,543 ) $ (7,940 ) 58 % Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses were $5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to $16.2 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase of $10.8 million was primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses and expenses related to outside services, consultants and manufacturing. Personnel-related costs increased by $2.3 million, as a direct
result of our increased research and development headcount. Outside services and consultants increased by $8.3 million for clinical trial expense, preclinical testing and manufacturing. Facility related expenses, including rent, utilities and
information technology expenses, increased by $0.2 million to support our increased headcount. Research and Development Expenses—Related Party Research and development expenses—related party were $0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to $0.8
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of $0.1 million was a result of our $0.7 million issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock to Anacor in 2020 and $0.8 million in milestone payments to Anacor that were
recognized in 2021. See “Business—License Agreement with Anacor Pharmaceuticals, Inc.” for additional information. General and Administrative
Expenses General and administrative expenses were $1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to $4.7 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of $3.4 million was primarily attributable to a $1.4 million increase in personnel-related costs as we expanded our headcount, and a $1.9 million increase in outside services for
professional services, including legal, accounting and human resources, to support our ongoing operations. Facility related expenses, including rent, utilities and information technology expenses, increased by $0.1 million to support our increased
headcount. Interest Income Interest income was
less than $0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and $0.1 million for the year ended 2021. The income for both years represents interest and investment income from cash, cash equivalents and investments. The increase of
$0.1 million was due to a higher average cash, cash equivalents and investments balance in the year ended December 31, 2021. 85 Table of Contents Other Expense Other expense was $6.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2020, attributable to an increase in the fair value of the redeemable
convertible preferred stock tranche liability during 2020. Other expense was less than $0.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, attributable to losses on foreign currency fluctuations. Liquidity and Capital Resources Sources of Liquidity From our inception through December 31, 2021, we have funded our operations through private placements of our redeemable convertible preferred stock
and have raised net cash proceeds of $91.6 million from the issuance of our redeemable convertible preferred stock. Key financing and corporate milestones include: ∎ In November 2019, we raised net cash proceeds of $8.1 million from issuance of our Series A redeemable convertible
preferred stock. ∎ In January and March 2020, we raised net cash proceeds of $0.2 million from issuance of our Series A redeemable convertible
preferred stock. ∎ In October 2020, we raised net cash proceeds of $3.6 million from additional issuances of our Series A redeemable
convertible preferred stock. ∎ In March 2021, we raised net cash proceeds of $79.7 million from issuance of our Series B redeemable convertible
preferred stock. Future Funding Requirements We have incurred net losses since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, we had net losses of $13.6 million and
$21.5 million, respectively, and we expect to incur substantial additional losses in future periods. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $47.4 million. As of December 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents and
investments of $62.0 million. Based on our current business plan, we believe that our available cash will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least 12 months following the date of this prospectus without the proceeds from this
offering. We do not have any products approved for sale, and we have never generated any revenue from contracts with customers. We do not expect to
generate any meaningful revenue unless and until we obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize any of our current and future product candidates and we do not know when, or if, those events will occur. Historically, we have incurred operating
losses and negative cash flows as a result of ongoing efforts to develop our lead drug product candidate, epetraborole, including conducting ongoing preclinical and nonclinical studies, clinical trials, clinical trial materials manufacturing, and
providing general and administrative support for these operations. We expect our negative cash flows to increase significantly over the next several years as we advance epetraborole and any future product candidates through clinical development,
seek regulatory approval, prepare for and, if approved, proceed to commercialization, and continue our research and development efforts. We are subject to all the risks typically related to the development of new product candidates, and we may
encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. Moreover, following the completion of this offering, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating
as a public company. We anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations, as we do not expect positive cash flows from operations in the foreseeable future. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenue from the commercialization of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our future cash
needs through public or private equity 86 Table of Contents offerings or debt financings. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to
us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our current or future product candidates. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, it
could result in dilution to our existing stockholders and increased fixed payment obligations. In addition, as a condition to providing additional funds to us, future investors may demand, and may be granted, rights superior to those of existing
stockholders. If we incur indebtedness, we could become subject to covenants that would restrict our operations and potentially impair our competitiveness, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to
acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. Additionally, any future collaborations we enter into with third parties may provide capital in
the near term but we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Any of the foregoing could significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. We have based our projections of operating capital requirements on assumptions that may prove to