” section or in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced significant volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of companies whose shares are traded. These market fluctuations could adversely affect the trading price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result of all of these factors, investors in our Common Stock may not be able to resell their stock at or above the price they paid or at all. Further, we could be the subject of securities class action litigation due to any such stock price volatility, which could divert management’s attention and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 8 Table of Contents Future issuances or sales of our Common Stock, or the perception in the public markets that these issuances or sales may occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline and could impair our ability to raise capital. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market can occur at any time, subject to the restrictions and limitations described below, and the shares of Common Stock covered by this prospectus represent a large number of shares of our Common Stock.  Following the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, such shares may be sold by the Selling Stockholders in the public market without restriction. Also, in connection with the PIPE Transactions, we and our executive officers and directors have entered into lock-up agreements with the Placement Agent under which we and they have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to sell, directly or indirectly, any shares of our Common Stock without the permission of the Placement Agent, for a period of sixty (60) days, following each applicable PIPE Transaction (such period, the “lock-up period”). Upon expiration or waiver of the lock-up period, we and our executive officers and directors will be able to sell shares of Common Stock in the public market. If the Selling Stockholders or our other stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market as a result of this offering or otherwise, the market price of our Common Stock could decline significantly. In addition, negative market perception around future issuances or sales of our Common Stock by us or our existing stockholders could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreements and subject to the terms therein, the Selling Stockholders have the right, in aggregate, to participate in up to thirty percent (30%) of any public or private equity or equity-linked financing transaction of the Company or its subsidiaries for a period of twelve (12) months following the closing of the PIPE Transactions (such rights, the “Participation Rights”). Future sales of shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock, whether registered or exempt from registration, by existing shareholders, or a new issuance of such securities by the Company through a subsequent offering, could materially adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and could materially impair our future ability to raise capital through an offering of equity securities. We cannot predict the size, if any, of future issuances of our Common Stock or equity-linked securities or the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our Common Stock or the availability of shares of our Common Stock for sale will have on the market price of our Common Stock prevailing at any given time. Should future issuances of our Common Stock have a negative effect on the market price of our Common Stock, such conditions may make it more difficult for you or us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that you or we may deem reasonable or appropriate. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings and other issuances of our securities, including pursuant to any investor rights granted in connection with such transactions. In order to raise additional capital for acquisitions, capital expenditures or otherwise, we may in the future offer additional shares of Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock, and your percentage of ownership in us may be diluted. Our stockholders will incur dilution, for example, if the PIPE Investors choose to exercise their Participation Rights, and investors purchasing shares or other equity-securities in the future could have similar rights superior or otherwise relevant to existing stockholders. The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities then outstanding. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute our stockholders’ ownership percentages and could also result in a decrease in the market value of our equity securities. Our stockholders will also incur dilution upon exercise of any outstanding stock options, warrants or other convertible securities or upon the issuance of shares of Common Stock under our stock incentive programs. 9 Table of Contents The Selling Stockholders may have purchased some or all of their shares of Common Stock below the current trading price of such securities, and may experience a positive rate of return based on the current trading price. Other investors may not experience a similar rate of return. The Selling Securityholders may have acquired some or all of their shares of our Common Stock at prices below the current trading price of our Common Stock and may experience a positive rate of return based on the current trading price. We may not be able to sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share paid by the Selling Stockholders in the PIPE Transactions. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into shares of Common Stock in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid to the Selling Stockholders. For any shares of Common Stock they purchase in the open market based on variable market prices, investors in this offering may pay significantly more than the Selling Stockholders paid to acquire their shares of Common Stock. Public stockholders may not be able to experience the same positive rates of return on shares they purchase due to the low price at which the Selling Stockholders purchased a portion of their Common Stock. If we are unable to comply with applicable continued listing requirements and standards of Nasdaq, our Common Stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. Our Common Stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In order to maintain that listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding minimum stockholders’ equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. We have in the past, and may in the future, be unable to comply with certain of the listing standards that we are required to meet to maintain the listing of our Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. For example, on February 19, 2025, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying us that we are not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Price Requirement”), because the closing bid price of the Common Stock was below $1.00 per share for the previous 30 consecutive business days. Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided with a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until August 18, 2025, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. On July 28, 2025, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq confirming that we have regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and that the matter was now closed. In addition, on April 24, 2024 and May 29, 2025, we received additional letters from Nasdaq indicating that the Company’s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and the Company’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, respectively, had not been timely filed according to Nasdaq continued listing rules. Though the Company had filed the required Form 10-Q and was in compliance with such rules at the time of issuance of the latter letter, with respect to the letter related to the required Form 10-K, the Company regained compliance within the applicable compliance period by filing the Form 10-K on May 19, 2025. In the event that our Common Stock is delisted from Nasdaq as a result of our failure to comply with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement or due to our failure to continue to comply with any other requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq, our Common Stock may be eligible for trading on an over-the-counter market. In the event that we are not able to obtain a listing on another stock exchange or quotation service for our Common Stock, it may be extremely difficult or impossible for our stockholders to sell their Common Stock. Moreover, if we are delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market, but obtain a substitute listing for our Common Stock, it will likely be on a market with less liquidity, and therefore experience potentially more price volatility than experienced on the Nasdaq Capital Market. Stockholders may not be able to sell their Common Stock on any such substitute. market in the quantities, at the times, or at the prices that could potentially 