An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other information in this prospectus, before you decide whether to buy our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition We have had negative cash flows from operations and might not be able to generate sufficient cash to meet our substantial obligations to our licensors, which could result in the termination of our licenses or put substantial burdens on our financial position. We have in-licensed all of our product candidates. Our licenses require us to make substantial up-front, milestone, and royalty payments. If we fail to make these payments, the licensors might terminate the licenses on relatively short notice, in which event we would not be able to commercialize drug candidates that were covered by the licenses. Our ability to make the payments required under our license agreements depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. We expect to experience negative cash flow for the foreseeable future as we fund our operating losses and capital expenditures. We license two of our product candidates, VEN 307 and VEN 308, from S.L.A. Pharma, a Swiss corporation, and have obligations related to VEN 308 and to fund S.L.A. Pharma’s development efforts for VEN 307 in the E.U., all of which are set forth in the chart below. Amount Due Date Due Fee Description $41,500/monthly Monthly beginning October 1, 2010, and continuing until S.L.A. Pharma is no longer managing the development program for VEN 307. Project management fees for VEN 307. Up to $1,000,000 If contingencies are met, payable in four equal installments of $250,000 Milestone payments due once specified thresholds of randomized patients are achieved in the Phase III trial for VEN 307 in Europe $400,000 Upon receipt of a quality controlled final study report of the Phase III trial for VEN 307 in Europe Development expense for VEN 307 In the event that we are not current in our payments under the license agreement, S.L.A. Pharma may terminate the license agreement if we have not brought the payments current within three business days of receipt of notice from S.L.A. Pharma. Further, if we commercialize a product candidate, we must pay S.L.A. Pharma annual royalties ranging from the mid to upper single digit percentages, based upon net sales of the product. We also are required to make future milestone payments totaling up to $20 million upon the achievement of various milestones related to regulatory events for both VEN 307 and VEN 308, the earliest of which is not anticipated
until 2015. In the event we breach these obligations, we could lose our rights to VEN 307 or VEN 308, or both, depending on the breach, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. We also are party to a license agreement with Amer, a California company, from whom we acquired patent rights to VEN 309 for the topical treatment of anorectal disorders. Pursuant to the agreement, we pay Amer a monthly fee of $15,000. If and when we complete our planned Phase III trials for VEN 309, this monthly fee will decrease to $7,500. If and when we file an NDA for VEN 309 with the FDA, this monthly fee will cease. We also are required to make future milestone payments totaling up to $20 million upon the achievement of various milestones related to regulatory or commercial events. If we commercialize VEN 309, we will be obligated to pay to
Amer annual royalties ranging from the upper single to lower double digit percentages for sales in the U.S. and ranging from the low to mid single digit percentages for sales outside of the U.S., based upon sales of the product. In the event we breach these obligations and do not bring them current within 30 days of notice of breach, Amer may terminate the agreement, which would have a material 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS adverse effect on our business and prospects. On June 5, 2011, we entered into an agreement with Amer to acquire all rights, title and interest to VEN 309. If we close on the acquisition, we will own VEN 309 outright. While we will be obligated to pay Amer regulatory and sales-based milestones and royalties, the failure to make those payments will not cause the loss of our rights to VEN 309. We expect the closing of the acquisition to occur by November 15, 2011. Closing is subject to our raising net proceeds of a certain minimum amount, as well as customary closing conditions. Closing is also subject to, in respect of the first pivotal Phase III trial
and any recurrence treatment for VEN 309, the absence through November 10, 2011 of any serious severe adverse events that are life threatening with a risk of serious morbidity that have occurred in one or more subjects receiving VEN 309 which are either determined to be at least probably caused by VEN 309 or have been disclosed by us in a public securities filing. If the closing does not occur, the acquisition will not occur and Amer will continue to own the rights to VEN 309 and the current license agreement will remain in effect. Risks Related to Our Business We have a limited operating history and a history of operating losses, and expect to incur significant additional operating losses. We were established in October 2005, began active operations in the spring of 2007 and have only a limited operating history. Therefore, there is limited historical financial information upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. Our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of operations. We have generated losses since we began operations and, as of March 31, 2011, we had a deficit accumulated during the development stage of $35,906,832. We expect to incur substantial additional losses over the next several years as our research,
development, pre-clinical testing, and clinical trial activities increase. The amount of future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability are uncertain. We have no products that have generated any commercial revenue, do not expect to generate revenues from the commercial sale of products unless and until our product candidates are approved by the FDA for sale, and might never generate revenues from the sale of products. We are not currently profitable and might never become profitable. We have a history of losses and expect to incur substantial losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future, and we might never achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more product candidates, we expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future. We also expect to continue to experience negative cash flow and to incur significant operating and capital expenditure for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we: • continue to undertake development and clinical trials for product candidates; • seek regulatory approvals for product candidates; • implement additional internal systems and infrastructure; and • hire additional personnel. As a result, we will need to generate significant revenues in order to achieve and maintain profitability. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability will depend on, among other things: • successful completion of animal tests, which are referred to as pre-clinical studies, as well as human tests, which are referred to as clinical trials, for our product candidates; • obtaining necessary regulatory approvals from the FDA and international regulatory agencies; • establishing manufacturing, sales, and marketing arrangements with third parties; and • raising sufficient funds to finance our activities. We might not succeed at any of these undertakings. If we are unsuccessful at some or all of these undertakings, our business, prospects, and results of operations might be materially adversely affected. 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS We have no approved products. To date, we have no approved product on the market and have generated no product revenues. Unless and until we receive approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities for our product candidates, we cannot sell our drugs and will not have product revenues. Therefore, for the foreseeable future, we will have to fund all of our operations and capital expenditures from the net proceeds of this offering, cash on hand, any licensing fees and any future securities offerings. We intend to devote substantially all of our resources to the development of VEN 309 and VEN 307. In the event we do not obtain regulatory approval of either of these product
candidates, our business will be materially and adversely affected. We are a development-stage company and might not be able to commercialize any product candidates. We are a development-stage company and have not demonstrated our ability to perform the functions necessary for the successful commercialization of any product candidates. The successful commercialization of any product candidates will require us to perform a variety of functions, including: • continuing to undertake preclinical development and clinical trials; • participating in regulatory approval processes; • formulating and manufacturing products; and • conducting sales, marketing and distribution activities. Our development of current and future product candidates is subject to the risks of failure and delay inherent in the development of new pharmaceutical products and products based on new technologies, including: • delays in product development, clinical test