—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock—Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our existing stockholders in the public market following this offering could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.” Of the outstanding shares, following this offering (assuming that the price per share to be paid by us in connection with the concurrent share repurchase is $45.74, which is the closing sales price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq on September 10, 2021), approximately 77,475,583 shares will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except that any shares held by our affiliates, as that term is defined under Rule 144, including our directors, executive officers and other affiliates (including our existing stockholders), may be sold only in compliance with the limitations described below. Following this offering, based on our outstanding shares of common stock as of July 31, 2021 (assuming that the price per share to be paid by us in connection with the concurrent share repurchase is $45.74, which is the closing sales price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq on September 10, 2021), the remaining outstanding approximately 11,035,417 shares of common stock held by our existing stockholders, representing approximately 12.5% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock, will be “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 and subject to certain restrictions on resale. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they are registered under the Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an exemption from registration such as Rule 144, as described below. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who is not deemed to be or have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than an affiliate, is entitled to sell such shares without complying with the manner of sale, volume limitation or notice provisions of Rule 144, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the holding period of a prior owner other than an affiliate, then such person is entitled to sell such shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, our affiliates or persons selling shares of our common stock on behalf of our affiliates, who have met the six month holding period for beneficial ownership of “restricted shares” of our common stock, are entitled to sell, within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which will equal approximately 885,110 shares immediately after this offering (assuming that the price per share to be paid by us in connection with the concurrent share repurchase is $45.74, which is the closing sales price of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq on September 10, 2021); or • the average reported weekly trading volume of our common stock on Nasdaq during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. The sale of these shares, or the perception that sales will be made, could adversely affect the price of our common stock after this offering because a great supply of shares would be, or would be perceived to be, available for sale in the public market. We are unable to estimate the number of shares that will be sold under Rule 144 since this will depend on the market price for our common stock, the personal circumstances of the stockholder and other factors. 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS Rule 701 In general, under Rule 701 as currently in effect, any of our employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors who received shares of our common stock from us in connection with a compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement before the effective date of the registration statement on form S-1 for the IPO are entitled to sell such shares 90 days after the effective date of the registration statement on form S-1 for the IPO in reliance on Rule 144, in the case of affiliates, without having to comply with the holding period requirements of Rule 144 and, in the case of non-affiliates, without having to comply with the public information, holding period, volume limitation or notice filing requirements of Rule 144. Registration Statements on Form S-8 We have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our common stock issued pursuant to our 2011 Equity Plan, our 2020 Equity Plan and the ESPP. Such Form S-8 registration statements automatically became effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement are available for sale in the open market. The initial registration statement on Form S-8 covered 15,983,311 shares of our common stock. 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME AND ESTATE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences to a non-U.S. holder (as defined below) of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock as of the date hereof. Except where noted, this summary deals only with common stock that is held as a capital asset. A “non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our common stock (other than an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is not, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, any of the following: • an individual citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; • an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or • a trust if it (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person. This summary is based upon provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, rulings and judicial decisions as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed, perhaps retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences different from those summarized below. We cannot assure you that such a change in law will not alter significantly the tax considerations we describe in this summary. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income and estate taxes and does not deal with foreign, state, local or other tax considerations that may be relevant to non-U.S. holders in light of their particular circumstances. In addition, it does not represent a detailed description of the U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (including if you are a U.S. expatriate, foreign pension fund, financial institution, insurance company, tax-exempt organization, trader, broker or dealer in securities “controlled foreign corporation,” “passive foreign investment company,” a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or an investor in such a pass-through entity), a person who acquired shares of our common stock as compensation or otherwise in connection with the performance of services, or a person who has acquired shares of our common stock as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion transaction or other integrated investment). If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our common stock, you should consult your tax advisors. If you are considering the purchase of our common stock, you should consult your own tax advisors concerning the particular U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences to you of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock, as well as the consequences to you arising under other U.S. federal tax laws and the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. Distributions As discussed above under “