An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with
all of the other information included in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements, the financial statements of Cortek and our unaudited pro forma condensed combined
consolidated statement of operations and the notes to those statements and information included elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and our future growth prospects would be materially and adversely affected. Under these circumstances, the trading price of
our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our business plan relies on certain assumptions pertaining to the market for our products that, if incorrect, may adversely affect our growth and
profitability. We allocate our design, development, manufacturing, marketing, management and financial resources based on our business plan, which includes assumptions about
various demographic trends and trends in the treatment of spine disorders and the resulting demand for our products. However, these trends are uncertain. There can be no assurance that our assumptions
with respect to an aging population with broad medical coverage and longer life expectancy, which we expect to lead to increased spinal injuries and degeneration, are accurate. In addition, an
increasing awareness and use of non-invasive means for the prevention and treatment of back pain and rehabilitation purposes may reduce demand for or slow the growth of sales of spine
fusion products. A significant shift in technologies or methods used in the treatment of back pain or damaged or diseased bone and tissue could adversely affect demand for some or all of our products.
For example, pharmaceutical advances could result in non-surgical treatments gaining more widespread acceptance as a viable alternative to spine fusion. The emergence of new biological
tissue-based or synthetic materials to facilitate regeneration of damaged or diseased bone and to repair damaged tissue could increasingly minimize or delay the need for spine fusion surgery and
provide other biological alternatives to spine fusion. New surgical procedures could diminish demand for some of our products. The increased acceptance of emerging technologies that do not require
spine fusion, such as artificial discs and
nucleus replacement, for the surgical treatment of spine disorders would reduce demand for or slow the growth of sales of spine fusion products. If our assumptions regarding these factors prove to be
incorrect or if alternative treatments to those offered by our products gain further acceptance, then the demand we anticipate for our products could be significantly less than actual demand and we
may not be able to achieve or sustain growth or profitability. If we fail to properly manage our anticipated growth, our business could suffer. Since March 2005, we have experienced rapid growth in, and we continue to pursue rapid growth in, the number of surgeons using our products, the types of
products we offer and the number of states in which we have distributors for our products. Such growth has placed and will continue to place significant demands on our managerial, operational and
financial resources and systems. We are currently focused on increasing the size and effectiveness of our sales force, marketing activities, research and development efforts, inventory management
systems, management team and corporate infrastructure. If we do not manage our growth effectively, the quality of our products, our relationships with physicians, distributors and hospitals, and our
reputation could suffer, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must attract and retain qualified personnel and third-party
distributors and manage and train them effectively. Personnel qualified in the design, development, production and marketing of our products are difficult to find and hire, and enhancements of
information technology systems to support our growth are difficult to implement. We will also need to carefully monitor and manage our surgeon 10 services,
our manufacturing capabilities, quality assurance and efficiency, and the quality assurance and efficiency of our suppliers and distributors. This managing, training and monitoring will
require allocation of valuable management resources and significant expense. We are also currently implementing new management information systems to assist us in consolidating our
enterprise-wide operating and financial performance information. The efficient operation of our business is dependent on our management information systems. We rely on our management
information systems to effectively manage accounting and financial functions; manage order entry, order fulfillment and inventory replenishment processes; and maintain our research and development
data. Any failure by us to implement our new management information systems or the failure of our management information systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and product
development and could result in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess inventory and product shortages, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. We may not be successful in manufacturing spine fusion products at the levels required to meet future market demand. We are seeking to rapidly grow sales of our products and if we are successful, such growth may strain our ability to manufacture an increasingly large supply of
our products. We have never produced spine
fusion products in quantities significantly in excess of our current production levels. Manufacturers regularly experience difficulties in scaling up production and we may face such difficulties in
increasing our production levels. Moreover, we may not be able to manufacture the products with consistent and satisfactory quality or in sufficient quantities to meet demand. Our failure to produce
products of satisfactory quality or in sufficient quantities could hurt our reputation, cause hospitals, surgeons or distributors to cancel orders or refrain from placing new orders for our products
and reduce or slow growth of sales of our products. Increases in our production volume also could make it harder for us to maintain control over expenses, manage our relationships with our suppliers,
maintain good relations with our employees or otherwise manage our business. We are in a highly competitive market segment, face competition from large, well-established medical device companies with significant
resources, and may not be able to compete effectively. The market for spine fusion products and procedures is intensely competitive, subject to rapid technological change and significantly affected by new product
introductions and other market activities of industry participants. In 2004, 75% of U.S. spine fusion product revenues were generated by DePuy, Inc., a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson,
Medtronic Sofamor Danek, Inc., a subsidiary of Medtronic, Inc., and Synthes, Inc. Our competitors also include numerous other publicly traded companies and privately held
companies. Several
of our competitors enjoy competitive advantages over us, including: • more
established relationships with spine surgeons; • more
established distribution networks; • broader
spine surgery product offerings; • stronger
intellectual property portfolios; • greater
financial and other resources for product research and development, sales and marketing, and patent litigation; • greater
experience in, and resources for, launching, marketing, distributing and selling products; • significantly
greater name recognition as well as more recognizable trademarks for products similar to the products that we sell; 11 • more
established relationships with healthcare providers and payors; • products
supported by more extensive clinical data; and • greater
experience in obtaining and maintaining FDA and other regulatory clearances or approvals for products and product enhancements. In
addition, at any time our current competitors or other companies may develop alternative treatments, products or procedures for the treatment of spine disorders that compete directly
or indirectly with our products, including ones that prove to be superior to our spine surgery products. For these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our existing or potential
competitors. Any such failure could lead us to modify our strategy, lower our prices, increase the commissions we pay on sales of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. A large percentage of our revenues are derived from the sale of our polyaxial pedicle screws. In the nine month period ended September 30, 2005, net sales of our Zodiac polyaxial pedicle screws represented approximately 38.4% of our net sales in
that period. A decline in sales of these screws, due to market demand, the introduction by a third party of a competitive product or otherwise, would have
a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of the technology related to our polyaxial pedicle screws is licensed to us. The loss of such license
would prevent us from manufacturing, marketing and selling our Zodiac polyaxial pedicle screws and other products that may incorporate such technology, which would have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. To be commercially successful, we must convince the spine surgeon community that our products are an attractive alternative to our competitors' products
and train them in the use of our products. If the spine surg