Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of
risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing in our common stock.
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the
following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline, and could lose part or all of your investment. If we do not successfully anticipate market needs and opportunities or
if the market does not continue to adopt our application networking products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed. The application networking market is rapidly evolving and
difficult to predict. Technologies, customer requirements, security threats and industry standards are constantly changing. As a result, we must anticipate future market needs and opportunities and then develop new products or enhancements to our
current products that are designed to address those needs and opportunities, and we may not be successful in doing so. Even if we are able to anticipate, develop and commercially introduce new products and enhancements that address the market’s needs
and opportunities, there can be no assurance that new products or enhancements will achieve widespread market acceptance. For example, organizations that use other conventional or first-generation application networking products for their needs may
believe that these products are sufficient. In addition, as we launch new product offerings, organizations may not believe that such new product offerings offer any additional benefits as compared to the existing application networking products that
they currently use. Accordingly, organizations may continue allocating their IT budgets for conventional or first-generation application networking products and may not adopt our products, regardless of whether our products can offer superior
performance or security. If we fail to anticipate
market needs and opportunities or if the market does not continue to adopt our application networking products, then market acceptance and sales of our current and future application networking products could be substantially decreased or delayed,
we could lose customers, and our revenue may not grow or may decline. Any of such events would significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our success depends on our timely development of new products and
features to address rapid technological changes and evolving customer requirements. If we are unable to timely develop new products and features that adequately address these changes and requirements, our business and operating results could be
adversely affected. Changes in
application software technologies, data center and communications hardware, networking software and operating systems, and industry standards, as well as our end-customers’ continuing business growth, result in evolving application networking
needs and requirements. Our continued success depends on our ability to identify and develop in a timely manner new products and new features for our existing products that meet these needs and requirements. Our future plans include significant investments in research
and development and related product opportunities. Developing our products and related enhancements is time-consuming and expensive. We have made significant investments in our research and development team in order to address these product
development needs. Our investments in research and development may not result in significant design and performance improvements or marketable products or features, or may result in products that are more expensive than anticipated. We may take
longer to generate revenue, or generate less revenue, than we anticipate from our new products and product enhancements. We believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to
maintain our competitive position. 13 Table of Contents If we are unable to develop new products and features to address technological changes and
new customer requirements in the application networking market or if our investments in research and development do not yield the expected benefits in a timely manner, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. We have experienced net losses in recent periods, anticipate increasing
our operating expenses in the future and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. If we cannot achieve or maintain profitability, our financial performance will be harmed and our business may suffer. We experienced net losses for the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2013. Although we experienced revenue growth over these same periods and had achieved profitability in prior year periods, we may not be able to sustain or increase our revenue growth or achieve profitability in the future
or on a consistent basis. During 2013, we have invested in our sales, marketing and research and development teams in order to develop, market and sell our products. We expect to continue to invest significantly in these areas in the future. As a
result of these increased expenditures, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenue, manage our cost structure and avoid significant liabilities to achieve future profitability. In particular, in 2012 and 2013, we incurred substantial
expenses associated with defending ourselves in separate litigation matters involving Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. and Radware Ltd. and in our settlement of the Brocade litigation. As a public company, we will also incur significant
accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. Revenue growth may slow or decline, and we may incur significant losses in the future for a number of possible reasons, including our inability to develop products that achieve market acceptance, general
economic conditions, increasing competition, decreased growth in the markets in which we operate, or our failure for any reason to capitalize on growth opportunities. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If these losses exceed our expectations or our revenue growth expectations are not met in future periods, our financial performance will be harmed and our
stock price could be volatile or decline. Our operating
results are likely to vary significantly from period to period and may be unpredictable, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Our operating results – in particular, revenue, margins
and operating expenses – have fluctuated in the past, and we expect this will continue, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. The timing and size of sales of our products are highly variable and difficult to
predict and can result in significant fluctuations in our revenue from period to period. This is particularly true of sales to our largest end-customers, such as service providers, Web giants and governmental organizations, who typically make large
and concentrated purchases and for whom sales cycles can be long, as a result of their complex networks and data centers. Our quarterly results may vary significantly based on when these large end-customers place orders with us. Our operating results may also fluctuate due to a number of
other factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict. In addition to other risks listed in this “Risk Factors” section, factors that may affect our operating results include: • fluctuations in purchases from, or loss of, large customers; • the budgeting cycles and purchasing practices of end-customers; • our ability to attract and retain new end-customers; • changes in demand for our products and services, including seasonal variations in customer spending patterns or cyclical fluctuations in our markets; • our reliance on shipments at the end of our quarters; • variations in product mix or geographic locations of our sales, which can affect the revenue we realize for those sales; 14 Table of Contents • the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors; • our ability to increase the size of our distribution channel and to maintain relationships with important distribution channel partners; • the effect of currency exchange rates on our revenue and expenses; • the cost and potential outcomes of existing and future litigation; • the effect of discounts negotiated by our largest end-customers for sales or pricing pressure from our competitors; • changes in the growth rate of the application networking market or changes in market needs; • inventory write downs, which may be necessary for our older products when our new products are launched and adopted by our end-customers; and • our third-party manufacturers’ and component suppliers’ capacity to meet our product demand forecasts on a timely basis, or at all. Any one of the factors above or
the cumulative effect of some of these factors may result in significant fluctuations in our financial and other operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet our or our investors’ or securities
analysts’ revenue, margin or other operating results expectations for a particular period, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. Reliance on shipments at the end of the quarter could cause our revenue for t