—Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Treasury Strategy and Holdings—We face risks relating to the custody
of our bitcoin, including the loss or destruction of private keys required to access our bitcoin and cyberattacks or other data loss
relating to our bitcoin ” elsewhere in this prospectus. A
“51% attack” may occur when a group of miners attain more than 50% of the bitcoin network’s mining power, thereby enabling
them to control the bitcoin network and protocol and manipulate the blockchain. A “denial-of-service attack” occurs when
legitimate users are unable to access information systems, devices, or other network resources due to the actions of a malicious actor
flooding the network with traffic until the network is unable to respond or crashes. The bitcoin network has been, and can be in the
future, subject to denial-of-service attacks, which can result in temporary delays in block creation and in the transfer of bitcoin.
See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Treasury Strategy and Holdings—Bitcoin and other digital assets are
novel assets, and are subject to significant legal, commercial, regulatory and technical uncertainty” elsewhere in this prospectus. 75 Bitcoin
Industry Participants The
primary bitcoin industry participants are miners, investors and traders, digital asset exchanges and service providers, including custodians,
advisors, brokers, payment processors, wallet providers and financial institutions. Miners .
Miners range from bitcoin enthusiasts to professional mining operations that design and build dedicated mining machines and data centers,
including mining pools, which are groups of miners that act cohesively and combine their processing power to mine bitcoin blocks. See “—Creation of New Bitcoin and Limits on Supply ” above. Investors
and Traders . Bitcoin investors and traders include individuals and institutional investors who, directly or indirectly, purchase,
hold, and sell bitcoin or bitcoin-based derivatives. On January 10, 2024, the SEC issued an order approving several applications for
the listing and trading of shares of spot bitcoin exchange-traded products, or ETPs on U.S. national securities exchanges. While the
SEC had previously approved exchange-traded funds where the underlying assets were bitcoin futures contracts, this order represents the
first time the SEC has approved the listing and trading of ETPs that acquire, hold and sell bitcoin directly. ETPs can be bought and
sold on a stock exchange like traditional stocks and provide investors with another means of gaining economic exposure to bitcoin through
traditional brokerage accounts. Digital
Asset Exchanges. Digital asset exchanges provide trading venues for purchases and sales of bitcoin in exchange for fiat or other
digital assets. Bitcoin can be exchanged for fiat currencies, such as the U.S. dollar, at rates of exchange determined by market forces
on bitcoin trading platforms, which are not regulated in the same manner as traditional securities exchanges. In addition to these platforms,
over-the-counter markets and derivatives markets for bitcoin also exist. The value of bitcoin within the market is determined, in part,
by the supply of and demand for bitcoin in the global bitcoin market, market expectations for the adoption of bitcoin as a store of value,
the number of merchants that accept bitcoin as a form of payment, and the volume of peer-to-peer transactions, among other factors. For
a discussion of risks associated with digital asset exchanges, see “ Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Treasury
Strategy and Holdings—Due to the currently unregulated nature and lack of transparency surrounding the operations of many bitcoin
trading venues, bitcoin trading venues may experience greater fraud, security failures or regulatory or operational problems than trading
venues for more established asset classes, which may result in a loss of confidence in bitcoin trading venues and adversely affect the
value of our bitcoin ” elsewhere in this prospectus. Service
providers . Service providers offer a multitude of services to other participants in the bitcoin industry, including custodial and
trade execution services, commercial and retail payment processing, loans secured by bitcoin collateral, and financial advisory services.
If adoption of the bitcoin network continues to materially increase, we anticipate that service providers may expand the currently available
range of services and that additional parties will enter the service sector for the bitcoin network. Other
Digital Assets As
of the date of this prospectus, bitcoin was the largest digital asset by market capitalization. However, there are numerous alternative
digital assets and many entities, including consortia and financial institutions, are researching and investing resources into private
or permissioned blockchain platforms or digital assets that do not use proof-of-work mining like the bitcoin network. For example, in
late 2022, the ethereum network transitioned to a “proof-of-stake” mechanism for validating transactions that requires significantly
less computing power than proof-of-work mining. Other alternative digital assets that compete with bitcoin in certain ways include “stablecoins,”
which are designed to maintain a peg to a reference price because of their issuers’ promise to hold high-quality liquid assets
(such as U.S. dollar deposits and short-term U.S. treasury securities) equal to the total value of stablecoins in circulation. Stablecoins
have grown rapidly as an alternative to bitcoin and other digital assets as a medium of exchange and store of value, particularly on
digital asset trading platforms. As of July 1, 2025, two of the seven largest digital assets by market capitalization are U.S.
dollar-backed stablecoins. 76 Additionally,
central banks in some countries have started to introduce digital forms of legal tender. For example, China’s central bank digital
currency, or CBDC, project was made available to consumers in January 2022, and governments including the United States and the European
Union have been discussing the potential creation of new CBDCs. For a discussion of risks relating to the emergence of other digital
assets, see “ Risk Factors —Risks Related to Our Bitcoin Treasury Strategy and Holdings—The emergence or growth of
other digital assets, including those with significant private or public sector backing, could have a negative impact on the price of
bitcoin and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations ” elsewhere in this prospectus. Execution
of Bitcoin Transactions We initially intend
to purchase bitcoin in phases through a single trade execution or liquidity provider; however, in the future we may purchase bitcoin
through multiple bitcoin liquidity providers who may also serve as custodians of our bitcoin. We may also in the future acquire or dispose
of bitcoin via trade orders executed on exchanges such as Coinbase. Our liquidity providers and custodians (our “BTC Service Providers”),
are regulated and licensed entities that operate under high security, regulatory, audit and governance standards. In
selecting our liquidity providers, we will evaluate regulatory status, pricing, annual trading volume, security and customer service.
We will also leverage the due diligence we conduct in connection with our custodial arrangements when conducting due diligence on
our liquidity providers. We intend for our agreements with our liquidity providers to be non-exclusive, able to be terminated by us at
any time, not impose any requirements for minimum purchases or volumes with such providers, and generally provide that we are responsible
for the costs associated with transfers of bitcoin. We
also intend to engage a third-party investment advisor with expertise in digital assets and alternative investment strategies. We
expect the advisor to primarily assist us in evaluating the timing of our acquisitions of bitcoin, construction of our portfolio,
and implementing hedging strategies aligned with our treasury and risk management policies. We currently anticipate that the advisor
will serve in a non-discretionary capacity, providing recommendations to us that would be subject to internal approval prior to
execution. We also do not currently expect the advisor to serve as our liquidity provider or custodian. Those functions will be
handled separately through institutional-grade counterparties which we will select based upon their security infrastructure,
regulatory compliance and reputation. We expect the advisor to support our ongoing portfolio management, while providing market
analysis and periodic rebalancing recommendations. Custody
of our Bitcoin We
intend to hold all of our bitcoin in custodial accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians (who may hold our bitcoin in the
United States or other territories) that have demonstrated records of regulatory compliance and information security. Our custodians
may also serve as liquidity providers. As we execute on our strategy, we intend to include additional custodians. We will
select our custodians after undertaking a due diligence process pursuant to which we evaluate, among other things, the quality of their
security protocols, including the multifactor and other authentication procedures designed to safekeep our bitcoin that they may employ,
as well as other security, regulatory, audit and governance standards. We intend for our custodians to be required to hold our bitcoin
in trust for our benefit in segregated accounts which are not commingled with their assets or the assets of their affiliates or other
clients. Should we enter into custodial agreements with additional custodians, such agreements may not prohibit such custodians from
commingling our bitcoin with the digital assets of others. Our current custodial agreement provides for storage of our
bitcoin in accordance with our instructions, which could include offline, or