: Investing in our common or preferred stock involves a high degree of risk. See the information contained in or incorporated by reference under the heading “ Risk Factors ” and in the documents incorporated by reference and any free writing prospectus that we authorize for use in connection with this offering. Market symbol and trading: Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “ATOS.” There is no established trading market for the Series C convertible preferred stock and we do not expect a market to develop. We do not intend to apply for the listing of the preferred stock on any securities exchange or other trading market. The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on         shares of our common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2020 and excludes: ● shares of our common stock that have been sold or may be sold in the future in connection with our current “at-the-market” offering; ● 1,070,028 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of September 30, 2020, at an exercise price of $4.05 per share; ● 7,079,831 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued under the Company’s 2010 and 2020 Stock Option and Incentive Plans at a weighted average exercise price of $2.77 per share as of September 30, 2020; ● 177,562 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of outstanding Series B convertible preferred stock as of September 30, 2020; and ● 670,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to future equity awards under our 2020 Plan as of September 30, 2020, as well as any future increases in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. 6 Table of Contents Except as otherwise indicated herein, all information in this prospectus, including the number of shares that will be outstanding after this offering, assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional securities. RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below as well as the risks and uncertainties set forth under the section titled “ Risk Factors ” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, which are incorporated by reference herein, before deciding whether to purchase securities. You should also refer to the other information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, including our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes and the section titled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, which are incorporated by reference herein. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. In any such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to this Offering If you purchase our securities in this offering, you may incur immediate and substantial dilution in the book value of your shares. The public offering price per share may be substantially higher than the net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately prior to the offering. After giving effect to the assumed sale of           shares of common stock (determined on an as-converted basis) in this offering, at an assumed public offering price of $       per share, and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, purchasers of our common stock in this offering will incur immediate dilution of $ per share in the net tangible book value of the common stock they acquire. For a further description of the dilution that investors in this offering may experience, see “ Dilution .” In addition, to the extent that outstanding stock options or warrants have been or may be exercised or other shares issued, you may experience further dilution. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In order to raise additional capital, we may at any time, including during the pendency of this offering, offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering (including in our current “at-the-market” offering in which we are offering shares of our common stock pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed by the Company with the SEC on September 25, 2020 (Registration No. 333-248555)). We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid by investors in this offering We have broad discretion in the use of our cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds we receive in this offering, and may not use them effectively. Our management has broad discretion to use our cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds we receive in this offering, to fund our operations and could spend these funds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common stock, and you will not have the opportunity as part of your investment decision to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending their use to fund our operations, we may invest our cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds from this offering, in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. Because we do not intend to declare cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future, stockholders must rely on appreciation of the value of our common stock for any return on their investment. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings, if any, for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of any existing or future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, we expect that only appreciation of the price of our common stock, if any, will provide a return to investors in this offering for the foreseeable future. There is no public market for the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock in this offering. There is no established public trading market for the Series C convertible preferred stock, and we do not expect a market to develop. In addition, we do not currently intend to apply for listing of the Series C convertible preferred stock on any securities exchange or recognized trading system. The ability to convert the Series C convertible preferred stock to common stock will be subject to a beneficial ownership conversion limit, which may further impair the liquidity of this investment. 7 Table of Contents