Investing in our
common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below with all of the other information included in this prospectus before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually
occur, they may materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In this event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Relating To Our Business We expect to derive substantially all of our future revenues from sales of the AtriCure
bipolar ablation system. If the AtriCure bipolar ablation system fails to gain or loses market acceptance for the treatment of AF, we may not generate sufficient revenues to continue our operations. Currently, our primary product line is the AtriCure bipolar ablation system,
which we commercially introduced in 2002 in the United States and in 2003 outside of the United States. We expect that sales of the AtriCure bipolar ablation system will account for substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future.
Doctors have adopted our system for the ablation of cardiac tissue and the surgical treatment of AF. Since these are indications for which our system has not been approved or cleared by the FDA, the AtriCure bipolar ablation system is being used
solely on an “off-label” basis. Our future revenues will depend on the acceptance by the medical community of our system as a standard treatment alternative for the surgical treatment of AF. Acceptance of our system is dependent upon,
among other factors, the level of screening for and diagnosis of AF, awareness and education of the medical community about the surgical treatment of AF in general and the existence and effectiveness of our system in particular. Our system and the
procedures involved with the treatment of AF using our system are relatively new. We cannot assure you that doctors will continue to use the AtriCure bipolar ablation system, and demand for the surgical treatment of AF may decline or may not
increase as quickly as we expect. Also, we cannot assure you that our system will compete effectively against drugs, catheter-based ablation, implantable devices such as pacemakers or defibrillators, other bipolar ablation systems or other surgical
AF treatments, which may be more well-established among doctors and hospitals. We may not maintain or increase market acceptance of the AtriCure bipolar ablation system for a number of reasons including: • our current inability to promote our system for use on cardiac tissue or for the treatment of AF; • our current inability to train doctors in the use of our system for the ablation of cardiac tissue or for the treatment of AF; • our inability to establish or sustain acceptance of our system within the medical community; • liability risks for doctors and hospitals associated with the off-label use of our system and the use of new technologies or procedures; • findings relating to the safety or effectiveness of our system or the safety or effectiveness of the surgical treatment of AF; • medical device reports to the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities, which are required in the event our products malfunction or cause or contribute to a death, serious injury or
other adverse event; • publicity concerning our system, competing products or the surgical treatment of AF; • the cost of our system; • the availability of alternative treatments or procedures that may be, or may be perceived as, more effective, safer, faster, easier to use or less costly than our system; and • policies of healthcare payors with respect to coverage and reimbursement. Since we do not believe that doctors are using the AtriCure bipolar ablation system for any purpose other than the surgical treatment of AF, if doctors do
not use our system to treat AF, we would lose all or substantially all of our revenues. 7 Table of Contents Use of the AtriCure bipolar ablation system as a sole-therapy minimally invasive treatment for AF, which is not
currently an established market, represents our major growth opportunity. If this market does not develop or our system is not widely adopted for use in this market, it may adversely impact our ability to grow our revenues. We believe that sole-therapy minimally invasive treatment for AF, which is
not currently an established market, will ultimately represent the largest segment of the market for the surgical treatment of AF. If this market fails to develop, or if our system is not widely adopted for use in this market, it may adversely
impact our ability to grow our revenues. In order to establish the sole-therapy minimally invasive AF treatment market, doctors treating patients with AF who have no other heart disease requiring an open-heart surgical procedure must change their
current practice of referring patients to cardiologists and electrophysiologists, and instead refer these patients to cardiothoracic surgeons for surgical AF treatment. Doctors may decide not to change their referral patterns for a variety of
reasons including, for example, that limited clinical data is available relating to the safety and effectiveness of our system, that only a limited number of procedures have been performed using our system, that clinical testing of our system is in
the feasibility stage, that doctors who refer their patients to cardiothoracic surgeons may risk losing their patients and that doctors may prefer to treat patients using drugs or catheter-based ablation. If doctors do not refer their patients to
cardiothoracic surgeons for surgical AF treatment, we will not be able to establish a market for the use of our system for the sole-therapy minimally invasive treatment of AF, and our future growth and revenues will suffer. The failure to educate or train a sufficient number of doctors in the use of the AtriCure
bipolar ablation system could reduce the market acceptance of our system and reduce our revenues. It is critical to the success of our sales efforts to ensure that there are a sufficient number of doctors familiar with, trained on and proficient in the
use of our system. While we educate and train doctors as to the skills involved in the proper use of our system and the system’s technology, we cannot educate or train them to use our system for the ablation of cardiac tissue or the surgical
treatment of AF unless and until we obtain additional FDA approvals or clearances. Currently, doctors learn to use our system for the treatment of AF through independent training programs provided by hospitals and universities, and through
independent peer-to-peer training among doctors. We provide research and educational grants to institutions, some of which are used to fund programs to teach the procedures involved in the surgical treatment of AF, including the use of our system
for such treatment. However, while we make doctors generally aware of these programs, these institutions determine the faculty and the content of the programs independent of our control and influence. We also rely on doctors to independently inform
their colleagues about these programs. We cannot assure you that a sufficient number of doctors will become aware of training programs or that doctors will dedicate the time, funds and energy necessary for adequate training in the use of our system. Unless we obtain additional FDA approvals or clearances, we will not be
able to promote the AtriCure bipolar ablation system to ablate cardiac tissue or to treat AF and our ability to maintain and grow our business could be harmed. To date, the FDA has granted us 510(k) clearance to market the AtriCure bipolar ablation system for the ablation and
coagulation of soft tissues during certain general and non-cardiac-related surgical procedures. Unless and until we obtain FDA clearance or approval for the ablation of cardiac tissue or the treatment of AF, we and others acting on our behalf may
not promote our system for such uses, make any claim that our system is safe and effective for such uses, or proactively discuss or provide information on the use of our system in connection with such treatment, which prevents us from promoting our
system for the off-label uses of ablation of cardiac tissue and AF treatment. Such limitations put us at a disadvantage relative to our competitors who have received clearance to market their products for the ablation of cardiac tissue. Doctors have
adopted the AtriCure bipolar ablation system for the surgical treatment of AF, and we believe such use is likely to continue. While the FDA does not generally regulate doctors’ choice of treatments, the FDA does restrict medical device
companies’ communications and promotion of any off-label use. Further, we cannot make comparative claims regarding the use of the AtriCure bipolar ablation system against any alternative treatments without conducting comparative clinical
studies, which would be expensive and time consuming. We do not have any current plans 8 Table of Contents to conduct such comparative clinical studies to evaluate the AtriCure bipolar ablation system against any alternative method of treatment. In order to promote the AtriCure bipolar ablation system in the United States
for use in the ablation of cardiac tissue or for the treatment of AF, we will need either prior clearances or approvals from the FDA. In February 2002 and again in January 2003, we attempted to obtain clearance from the FDA for use of our system for
the ablation of cardiac tissue and for the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, including AF, but in each instance the FDA found major deficiencies in our submission including a refusal by the FDA to recognize any predicate devices in the treatment of
AF. In December 2004, we submitted a 510(k) notification to obtain clearance from the FDA for use of our system solely for the ablation of cardiac tissue. The FDA may not grant this clearance, may not grant th