” herein and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus . Except as otherwise indicated herein or as the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to “aTyr,” the “company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to aTyr Pharma, Inc., together with our subsidiary, Pangu BioPharma Limited. Company Overview We are a biotherapeutics company engaged in the discovery and development of innovative medicines based on novel immunological pathways. We have concentrated our research and development efforts on a newly discovered area of biology, the extracellular functionality and signaling pathways of tRNA synthetases. Built on more than a decade of foundational science on extracellular tRNA synthetase biology and its effect on immune responses, we have built a global intellectual property estate directed to a potential pipeline of protein compositions derived from 20 tRNA synthetase genes and their extracellular targets, such as neuropilin-2 (NRP2). Our primary focus is on ATYR1923, a clinical stage product candidate which downregulates immune responses by binding to the NRP2 receptor and is in development for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases. ATYR1923, a fusion protein comprised of the immuno-modulatory domain of histidyl tRNA synthetase (HARS) fused to the fragment cystallizable (FC) region of a human antibody, is a selective modulator of NRP2 that downregulates the innate and adaptive immune response in inflammatory disease states. We began developing ATYR1923 as a potential therapeutic for patients with interstitial lung diseases (ILDs), a group of immune-mediated disorders that cause progressive fibrosis of the lung tissue. We selected pulmonary sarcoidosis, a major form of ILD, as our first clinical indication and are currently enrolling a proof-of-concept Phase 1b/2a clinical trial in patients. The study has been designed to evaluate the safety, tolerability and immunogenicity of multiple doses of ATYR1923 and to evaluate established clinical endpoints and certain biomarkers to assess preliminary activity of ATYR1923. A blinded interim analysis of safety and tolerability, the primary endpoint of our ongoing Phase 1b/2a clinical trial, showed study drug (ATYR1923 or placebo) was observed to be generally well tolerated with no drug-related serious adverse events (SAEs), consistent with the earlier Phase 1 study results in healthy volunteers. The final results of our current Phase 1b/2a clinical trial will guide future development of ATYR1923 in pulmonary sarcoidosis and provide insight for the potential of ATYR1923 in other ILDs, such as connective tissue disease ILD (CTD-ILD) and chronic hypersensitivity pneumonitis (CHP). In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are investigating ATYR1923’s potential as a treatment for COVID-19 patients with severe respiratory complications. The inflammatory lung injury related to COVID-19 may be similar to that of interstitial lung diseases. By targeting aberrant immune responses, we believe that ATYR1923’s mechanism of action has substantial overlap with this disease pathology and are currently enrolling a Phase 2 clinical trial in COVID-19 patients with severe respiratory complications. Our Phase 2 clinical trial is a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled study with ATYR1923 in 30 confirmed COVID-19 positive patients at up to 10 centers in the United States. In January 2020, we entered into a license with Kyorin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Kyorin) for the development and commercialization of ATYR1923 for ILDs in Japan. Under the collaboration and license agreement with Kyorin (the Kyorin Agreement), Kyorin received an exclusive right to develop and commercialize ATYR1923 in Japan for all forms of ILDs. We received an $8.0 million upfront payment and we are eligible to receive an additional $167.0 million in the aggregate upon achievement of certain development, regulatory and sales milestones, as well as tiered royalties ranging from the mid-single digits to mid-teens on net sales in Japan. Under the terms of the Kyorin Agreement, Kyorin will fund all research, development, regulatory, marketing and commercialization activities in Japan. In conjunction with our clinical development of ATYR1923, we have in parallel been advancing our discovery pipeline of NRP2 antibodies and tRNA synthetases. NRP2 is a receptor that plays a key role in lymphatic development and in regulating inflammatory responses. In many forms of cancer, high NRP2 expression is associated with worse outcomes. NRP2 can interact with multiple ligands and coreceptors to influence their functional roles. We are actively investigating NRP2 receptor biology, both internally and in collaboration with key academic thought leaders, to identify new product candidates for a variety of disease settings, including cancer, inflammation, and lymphangiogenesis. 1 In March 2020, our subsidiary, Pangu BioPharma Limi ted (Pangu BioPharma), together with the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) was awarded a grant of approximately $750,000 to build a high-throughput platform for the development of bi-specific antibodies. The two-year project is being f unded by the Hong Kong government’s Innovation and Technology Commission under the Partnership Research Program (PRP). The PRP aims to support research and development projects undertaken by companies in collaboration with local universities and public res earch institutions. The grant will fund approximately 50% of the total estimated project cost, with our company contributing the remaining 50%. The research grant agreement between Pangu BioPharma, HKUST and the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administ ration was effective April 1, 2020. Our continued research of tRNA synthetases is being conducted through both industry and academic collaborations. In March 2019, we entered into a research collaboration and option agreement, as amended, with CSL Behring (CSL) for the development of product candidates derived from up to four tRNA synthetases from our preclinical pipeline. Under the terms of the collaboration, CSL is obligated to fund all research and development activities and will pay a total of $4.25 million per synthetase program ($17.0 million if all four synthetase programs advance) in option fees based on achievement of research milestones and CSL’s determination to continue development. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been and will likely continue to be extensive in many aspects of society, which has resulted in and will likely continue to result in significant disruptions to the global economy, as well as businesses and capital markets around the world. Impacts to our business have included the delay in enrollment of our Phase 1b/2a clinical trial in patients with pulmonary sarcoidosis and the discontinuation of some patients in that trial, temporary closures of portions of our facilities and those of our licensees and collaborators, disruptions or restrictions on our employee's ability to travel and delays in certain research and development activities. Other potential impacts to our business include, but are not limited to disruptions to or delays in other clinical trials, third-party manufacturing supply and other operations, the potential diversion of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials to focus on pandemic concerns, interruptions or delays in the operations of the FDA or other regulatory authorities, and our ability to raise capital and conduct business development activities. Risks Associated with Our Business Investing in our securities involves substantial risk. The risks described under the heading “Risk Factors” immediately following this summary may cause us to not realize the full benefits of our strengths or may cause us to be unable to successfully execute all or part of our strategy. Some of the more significant challenges include the following: • We will need to raise additional capital or enter into strategic partnering relationships to fund our operations. • We have incurred significant losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. • We may encounter substantial delays and other challenges in our clinical trials or we may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. • If we are unable to successfully complete or otherwise advance clinical development, obtain regulatory or marketing approval for, or successfully commercialize our therapeutic product candidates, including ATYR1923, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. • Our current product candidates and any other product candidates that we may develop from our discovery engine represent novel therapeutic approaches, which may cause significant delays or may not result in any commercially viable drugs. • Our therapeutic product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. • We depend on our collaborations with Kyorin and CSL and may depend on collaborations with additional third parties for the development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates. If our collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of these product candidates. • If we are unable to obtain, maintain or protect intellectual property rights related to our product candidates, or if the scope of such intellectual property protection is not sufficiently broad, we may not be able to compete effectively in our markets. • Our business could continue to be adversely affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 2 • Our future success depends on our ability to ret