” for a further discussion of risks related to cybersecurity and data breaches. Operations and Consumer Compliance Laws The Bank must comply with numerous federal and state anti-money laundering and consumer protection statutes and implementing regulations, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the HIRE Act, the CRA, the California Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the National Flood Insurance Act, the California Homeowner Bill of Rights and various federal and state privacy protection laws, including the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the CAN-SPAM Act. Noncompliance with any of these laws could subject the Bank to compliance enforcement actions as well as lawsuits and could also result in administrative penalties, including, fines and reimbursements. The Bank and the Company are also subject to federal and state laws prohibiting unfair or fraudulent business practices, untrue or misleading advertising and unfair competition. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure and reporting requirements and regulate the manner in which financial institutions must deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans, servicing, collecting and foreclosure of loans, and providing other services. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations can subject the Bank and the Company to various penalties, including but not limited to enforcement actions, injunctions, fines or criminal penalties, punitive damages to consumers, and the loss of certain contractual rights. The CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, to assess their record of helping to meet the credit needs of the entire communities in which the financial institution operates, including low and moderate income (“LMI”) communities, consistent with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution’s record of meeting its community credit needs into account when evaluating applications for, among other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or acquisitions or holding company formations. The Bank received an overall “Satisfactory” rating in its most recent FDIC CRA performance evaluation, which measures how financial institutions support their communities in the areas of lending, investment and service tests. The Bank received a “Satisfactory” rating for both the lending and the community development tests. 121 Table of Contents On October 24, 2023, the OCC, FDIC, and FRB issued a final rule (the “October Final Rule”) intended to modernize and strengthen regulations implementing the CRA. For banks with total assets in excess of $2 billion, which includes the Bank, the Bank’s CRA evaluation was going to be based on four tests: (i) retail lending; (ii) retail services and products (including digital delivery systems for banks with more than $10 billion in assets or banks which request consideration of such systems); (iii) community development (CD) financing; and (iv) CD services. Weighting of each test was to be applied to those banks (such as the Bank) when regulators are evaluating CRA performance based on multiple tests. Alternatively, banks (including the Bank) would have had the option to be evaluated based on a regulator-approved strategic CRA plan. In addition, banks with total assets in excess of $2 billion are subject to revised and more comprehensive CRA-related data collection, reporting and maintenance requirements. Regulators would downgrade an institution’s CRA rating in the case of illegal or discriminatory credit practices. The October Final Rule was intended to take effect on April 1, 2024 with staggered compliance dates, including compliance with the new
tests, data collection requirements, and the requirement to define retail lending assessment areas. The October Final Rule is currently
subject to a preliminary injunction that stays its effective and implementation dates. On July 16, 2025, the OCC, the FDIC and the FRB
issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking to rescind the October Final Rule. The Dodd-Frank Act centralized responsibility for consumer financial protection by creating a new agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), and giving it responsibility for implementing, examining, and enforcing compliance with federal consumer protection laws for financial institutions, as well as their affiliates, with more than $10 billion of assets and, to a lesser extent, smaller institutions. The CFPB focuses on (i) risks to consumers and compliance with the federal consumer financial laws, (ii) the markets in which firms operate and risks to consumers posed by activities in those markets, (iii) depository institutions that offer a wide variety of consumer financial products and services, and (iv) non-depository companies that offer one or more consumer financial products or services. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer financial laws that apply to all banks, including, among other things, the authority to prohibit “unfair, deceptive or abusive” acts and practices (“UDAAP”). Abusive acts or practices are defined as those that materially interfere with a consumer’s ability to understand a term or condition of a consumer financial product or service or that take unreasonable advantage of a consumer’s (i) lack of financial savvy, (ii) inability to protect himself in the selection or use of consumer financial products or services, or (iii) reasonable reliance on a covered entity to act in the consumer’s interests. The CFPB can issue cease-and-desist orders against banks and other entities that violate consumer financial laws. The CFPB may also institute a civil action against an entity in violation of federal consumer financial law in order to impose a civil penalty or injunction. Because the Company and the Bank have less than $10 billion in assets, most consumer protection aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be applied to the Company by the Federal Reserve and to the Bank by the FDIC. However, the CFPB may include its own examiners in regulatory examinations by a smaller institution’s principal regulators and may require smaller institutions to comply with certain CFPB reporting requirements. In addition, regulatory positions taken by the CFPB and administrative and legal precedents established by CFPB enforcement activities, including in connection with supervision of larger bank holding companies and banks, could influence how the Federal Reserve and OCC apply consumer protection laws and regulations to financial institutions that are not directly supervised by the CFPB. The precise effect of the CFPB’s consumer protection activities on the Company and the Bank cannot be determined with certainty. The review of products and practices to prevent UDAAP is a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act provides the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged violations of UDAAP and other legal requirements and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. CFPB and state regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could adversely affect the Bank’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 122 Table of Contents The federal bank regulators have adopted rules limiting the ability of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-public information about consumers to unaffiliated third parties. These limitations require disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. These regulations affect how consumer information is transmitted through diversified financial companies and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among affiliated companies that is assembled or used to determine eligibility for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and income information from applications. Consumers also have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share information about transactions and experiences with affiliated companies for the purpose of marketing products or services. In California, consumer privacy rights have been further bolstered by the enactment of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). The CCPA and CPRA create new consumer rights, impose additional obligations on businesses that collect personal information from California consumers, and create a new enforcement agency called the California Privacy Protection Agency. In particular, The CCPA and CPRA introduces four new consumer rights, including (1) the right to correction, meaning that users can request to have their personal information corrected; (2) the right to opt-out of automated