” section. If the topline data are not supportive of further development of AT-527 as a treatment for COVID-19 or
the market has a negative reaction to the topline data, the demand for our common stock could decrease significantly, and the price of our common stock could decline substantially, which could result in significant losses for our stockholders. Further, while there is currently an urgent need for a treatment for COVID-19, the longevity and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain. If the pandemic were to dissipate, whether due to a significant decrease in new infections, due to the availability of vaccines, or otherwise, the need for a treatment could decrease
significantly. If the need for a treatment decreases before or soon after commercialization of AT-527, if approved, or another treatment for COVID-19 is developed before AT-527, our business could be adversely
impacted. We may expend resources in anticipation of clinical trials and potential commercialization of AT-527, which we may not be able to
recover if AT-527 is not approved for the treatment of COVID-19 or we are not successful at commercializing AT-527. We believe that there is an urgent unmet need for effective COVID-19 treatments. Accordingly, if the data from our ongoing and planned clinical trials of AT-527 in COVID-19 patients are positive, we may pursue certain expedited development, review and approval programs offered by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA,
to sponsors of drugs designed to treat serious diseases and conditions. These programs may offer the potential for a more rapid approval and commercialization process than traditional FDA review pathways. In order to prepare for the possibility that
we may be required to develop and rapidly commercialize AT-527, we 11 Table of Contents may enter into agreements with, and make payments to, contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, prior to obtaining any approval to market AT-527 for
the treatment of COVID-19. As a result, we may not be able to recover these costs if AT-527 is not approved for the treatment of COVID-19, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We currently expect that the market for a
treatment for COVID-19 will be large, and we cannot be certain that our CMOs we will be able to meet any commercial demand for AT-527. If we are unable to meet
commercial demand, we may not be able to fully capitalize on our development of AT-527, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we have never commercialized a product and may not be successful in establishing the capabilities required for commercialization. In order to commercialize AT-527, we will need to rapidly establish and build sales and marketing capabilities prior to obtaining approval to market AT-527. If we do not obtain approval for AT-527, we will have expended those resources prematurely, and our business could be adversely affected. There has
also been significant media coverage regarding the pricing of any vaccine or treatment for COVID-19. For example, Gilead Sciences, Inc. has recently come under scrutiny regarding its pricing of remdesivir,
after having donated its initial supply of the drug. Pricing for drugs to treat COVID-19 continues to evolve, and we cannot be certain of the factors that will determine the sales price of AT-527, if approved. If we are unable to sell AT-527 at a sufficient price point, our ability to commercialize AT-527, if approved, may be adversely affected. AT-527 may face significant competition from vaccines and other treatments for COVID-19 that are in development. Many biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies are developing
treatments for COVID-19 or vaccines against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, or SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19, and any treatment we may
develop could face significant competition. Many of these companies, which include large pharmaceutical companies, have greater resources for development and established commercialization capabilities. These companies may develop treatments more
rapidly or effectively than we do, may develop a treatment that becomes the standard of care, may develop a treatment at a lower cost, or may be more successful at commercializing an approved treatment, all of which could adversely impact our
business. As a result, we may not be able to successfully commercialize AT-527 for the treatment of COVID-19, even if approved, or compete with other treatments or
vaccines, which could adversely impact our business and operations. COVID-19 may materially and adversely
affect our business and financial results. In December 2019, SARS-CoV-2 surfaced in China. Since then, COVID-19 has spread globally. In the United States, travel bans and government stay-at-home orders have caused widespread
disruption in business operations and economic activity. Governmental authorities around the world have implemented measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19. These measures, including suggested or mandated “shelter-in-place” orders, have adversely affected workforces, customers, consumer sentiment, economies, and financial markets, and, along with decreased consumer
spending, have led to an economic downturn in the United States. In response to the public health directives and orders and to help minimize the risk of COVID-19 for our employees, we have taken precautionary
measures, including implementing work-from-home policies for all our employees. Many of our third-party collaborators, such as our CMOs, contract research organizations, or CROs, suppliers and others, have taken similar precautionary measures. These
measures have disrupted our business and delayed certain of our clinical programs and timelines. For example, our Phase 1/2A clinical trial of AT-787 for the treatment of HCV is currently paused until the clinical trial sites are able to re-open and resume patient enrollment. Certain 12 Table of Contents countries, including the United States, have begun the process of re-opening. However, any re-opening could take a
significant amount of time, require additional resources to implement social-distancing and other preventive measures, or may not be successful. The
impact to our operations due to the COVID-19 pandemic could be severe and could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risk factors described in this “Risk Factors” section, such as
those relating to our clinical trial timelines, our ability to enroll subjects for clinical trials and obtain materials that are required for the production of our product candidates, and our ability to raise capital. COVID-19 may materially and adversely affect our clinical trials. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience additional disruptions that could severely impact our clinical
trials, including: • delays or difficulties in enrolling patients in a clinical trial, including rapidly evolving treatment paradigms, and patients that may not be able to comply
with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services; • delays or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators, and clinical site staff, or the overwork of
existing investigators and staff; • diversion or prioritization of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials and towards the COVID-19 pandemic, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; • interruptions or delays in preclinical studies due to restricted or limited operations at research and development laboratory facilities; • interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by federal, state or
provincial governments, employers and others; • the risk that participants enrolled in our non-COVID-19-related clinical trials will contract COVID-19 while the clinical trial is
ongoing, which could impact the results of the clinical trial, including by increasing the number of observed adverse events; • limitations in employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees or their
families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; • delays in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; • delays in clinical sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct our clinical trials; • interruption in global shipping that may affect the transport of clinical trial materials, such as investigational drug product; • changes in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 outbreak that may require us to change the ways in
which our clinical trials are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue the clinical trials altogether; • delays in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources
or forced furlough of government employees; and • the refusal of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in these affected geographies. 13 Table of Contents For example, our HCV program has been delayed until the clinical trial sites conducting our Phase 1/2A trial are able
to re-open and resume enrollment, and our other development programs may be delayed or otherwise negatively impacted. As a result, the expected timeline for data readouts of our clinical trials and certain
regulatory filings will likely be negatively impacted, which would adversely affect and delay our ability to obtain regulatory approvals for our product c