—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common
Stock—Our certificate of incorporation will provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders’ ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.” Preferred Stock Under the terms of our certificate of incorporation that will become effective upon the closing of this offering, our board of directors is
authorized to direct us to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series without shareholder approval. Our board of directors has the discretion to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights,
dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. The purpose of
authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and determine its rights and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a shareholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting
power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions, future
financings and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or could discourage a third-party from seeking to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. Upon the closing of this
offering, there will be no shares of preferred stock outstanding, and we have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock Anti-takeover
Provisions Classified Board of Directors and Removal of Directors Our certificate of incorporation will provide that our board of directors will be divided into three classes, with each class serving
three-year staggered terms. The classification of directors will have the effect of making it more difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board. Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws will provide that a director may be removed only for cause. Any vacancy on our board of
directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. Shareholder Action; Special Meeting of Shareholders Our bylaws provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by our shareholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special
meeting of such shareholders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such shareholders. Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of our shareholders can
only be called by our board of directors. 93 Table of Contents Authorized But Unissued Shares The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without shareholder approval,
subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of Nasdaq. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and
unreserved common stock and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. The foregoing provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or
prevent a change in control. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies formulated by our board of directors and to discourage transactions
that may involve an actual or threatened change of control. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender
offers for our shares and, as a consequence, they also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our
management or delaying or preventing a transaction that might benefit you or other minority shareholders. In addition, upon the closing
of this offering, we will be subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Subject to exceptions, Section 203 prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with any
“interested shareholder” for three years following the date that the person became an interested shareholder, unless the interested shareholder attained such status with the approval of our board of directors or unless the business
combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A “business combination” includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the “interested shareholder” and the sale of more than 10% of our assets. In
general, an “interested shareholder” is any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. Stockholders’ Agreement Prior to
the consummation of this offering, we will enter into an amended and restated stockholders agreement with our existing holders of common stock to which such holders will be entitled to rights and subject to obligations described below. Registration Rights Beginning
six months following the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, the holders of at least a majority of registrable securities outstanding prior to this offering can request in writing that we register the
offer and sale of all or a portion of their shares on a maximum of one effective registration statement, provided that the anticipated aggregate price to the public is at least $50.0 million. In addition, following this offering, if we determine to register any of our securities under the Securities Act (subject to certain
exceptions), either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, the holders of registrable securities will be entitled to certain “piggyback” registration rights allowing the holders to include their shares in one
such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, if we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, other than with respect to a registration related to employee benefit plans, convertible
debt securities, or certain other transactions, the holders of these shares are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right, subject to limitations that the underwriters may impose on the number of shares included in the registration,
to include their shares in the registration. In an underwritten offering, the managing underwriter, if any, has the right to limit the number of shares such holders may include. 94 Table of Contents Transfer Agent and Registrar Upon completion of this offering, the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock will be American Stock Transfer & Trust, LLC. The
address of the transfer agent and registrar is 59 Maiden Lane, Plaza Level, New York NY 10038. Limitations of Liability and Indemnification See the section captioned “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions— Indemnification Agreements and
Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance.” Listing We have applied to list our common stock on Nasdaq under the symbol “AVO.” 95 Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Immediately prior to this offering, there was no public market for our common stock, and we cannot predict the effect, if any, that market
sales of shares of our common stock or the availability of shares of our common stock for sale will have on the market price of our common stock prevailing from time to time. Future sales of our common stock in the public market, or the availability
of such shares for sale in the public market, could adversely affect market prices prevailing from time to time. As described below, only a limited number of shares of our common stock will be available for sale shortly after this offering due to
contractual and legal restrictions on resale. Nevertheless, sales of our common stock in the public market after such restrictions lapse, or the perception that those sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price at such time
and our ability to raise equity capital in the future. Following the completion of this offering,
                 shares of our common stock will be outstanding, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares. Of these
outstanding shares, all of the shares of our common stock sold in this offering will be freely tradable, except that any shares purchased in this offering by our affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, would
only be able to be sold in compliance with the Rule 144 limitations described below. The remaining outstanding shares of our common
stock not sold in this offering will be deemed “restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they are registered or if they qualify for an
exemption from registration under Rule 144 or Rule 701 under the Securities Act, which rules are summarized below. All of our executive officers, directors, the selling stockholders and beneficial holders of substantially all of our
capital stock and securities exchangeable or exercisable for our capital stock have entered into market standoff agre