—Risks Related to Our Industry and Business—Our failure to
comply with restrictive covenants under our credit facilities could trigger repayment obligations.” Security Ratings Our access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and their respective financing costs in those markets depend on
the securities ratings of the entity that is accessing the capital markets. We primarily access the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through AWCC. However, we do issue debt at our regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form
of tax exempt securities, to lower our overall cost of debt. The following table shows the Company’s securities ratings as of September 30, 2008: Securities Moody’s Investors Service Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service Senior unsecured debt Baa2 BBB+ Commercial paper P2 A2 On June 19, 2008, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, which we refer to as
S&P, downgraded the senior unsecured issuer rating of AWCC to “BBB+” (stable outlook) from “A-” (negative outlook). In addition, S&P assigned a “BBB+” corporate credit rating to American Water and affirmed
AWCC’s “A-2” short-term rating. On August 28, 2007, Moody’s Investors Service, which we refer to as Moody’s,
placed both the long-term and short-term ratings of AWCC on review for possible downgrade. On October 12, 2007, Moody’s downgraded to “Baa2” from “Baa1” the senior unsecured issuer rating of AWCC. In addition,
Moody’s assigned a “Baa2” senior unsecured issuer rating to American Water and affirmed AWCC’s “P-2” short-term rating. The rating outlook for both American Water and AWCC is stable. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning
rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. Security ratings are highly dependent upon our ability to generate cash flows from financing and operating activities in an amount sufficient to service our debt
and meet our investment plans. We can provide no assurances that our ability to generate cash flow is sufficient to maintain our existing ratings. None of our borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of a downgrading of securities, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under our credit facilities. As part of the normal course of business, we routinely enter into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, fuels and other services. These
contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit us and our counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. In accordance with the contracts and applicable contract
law, if we are downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate
assurance of future performance. Depending on its net position with a counterparty, the demand could be for the posting of collateral. In the absence of expressly agreed provisions that specify the collateral that must be provided, the obligation to
supply the collateral requested will be a function of the facts and circumstances of the Company’s situation at the time of the demand. If we can reasonably claim that we are willing and financially able to perform our obligations, it may be
possible to successfully argue that no collateral should be posted or that only an amount equal to two or three months of future payments should be sufficient. We do not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the
Company’s results of operation, financial position or cash flows. 76 Table of Contents Current Credit Market Position Due to recent market developments, including a series of rating agency downgrades of subprime U.S. mortgage-related assets, a decline in the fair value of subprime-related investments, increased volatility in the
capital markets and severe liquidity crises at major financial institutions, the Company performed an assessment to determine the impact, if any, of current market conditions on the Company’s financial position. As of September 30, 2008
there were no direct investments in subprime mortgage-related assets within the Company’s short-term investment balances. The Company
also performed an assessment of its investments held in trusts, which will be used by the Company to satisfy future obligations under the Company’s pension and postretirement benefit plans. Based upon this assessment, it determined that a de
minimis portion of the holdings within the trusts are directly invested in subprime mortgage-related assets, auction rate debt securities or securities of weakened financial institutions. The Company does not believe that any decline in the fair
value of these and other assets will have a material impact on its results of operations or its future cash funding requirements. The
Company’s retirement trust assets are exposed to the market prices of debt and equity securities. Changes to the retirement trust asset value can impact the Company’s pension and other benefits expense, funded status and future minimum
funding requirements. Our risk is reduced through our ability to recover pension and other benefit costs through rates. In addition, pension and other benefits liabilities decrease as fixed income asset values decrease (fixed income yields rise)
since the rate at which we discount pension and other retirement trust asset future obligations is highly correlated to fixed income yields. The Company also assessed the impact of the severe liquidity crises at major financial institutions on the Company’s ability to access capital markets on reasonable terms. On September 15, 2008, the Company was unable to access
short-term liquidity through its A-2/P-2 rated commercial paper program. The Company therefore utilized its credit facilities to repay maturing commercial paper and fund its short-term liquidity needs. Although the Company’s credit facility
syndicate banks are currently meeting all of their lending obligations, there can be no assurance that these banks will be able to meet their obligations in the future if the liquidity crises intensify or are protracted. The current adverse market
conditions have also temporarily delayed the Company’s plans to issue long-term debt, and the Company expects future long-term debt issuances to be at higher interest rates than incurred on its most recently issued long-term debt. As of September 30, 2008, the Company had issued, through its subsidiaries, $120.3 million of variable rate demand bonds, which are periodically
remarketed. We can provide no assurances that the bonds will be remarketed successfully or at reasonable interest rates. Bonds totaling $24.9 million are issued by Illinois American Water, bonds totaling $8.6 million are issued by Arizona American
Water and the remaining $86.9 million of bonds are issued by AWCC. On March 28, 2008, the Company, through its subsidiary, entered into a standby bond purchase agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (successor to Bank One, N.A.), which agreed
to purchase the bonds issued by Illinois American Water if remarketing funds are unavailable. As of January 15, 2009, $24.2 million of bonds were held by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. These bonds bear interest at a rate of up to the prime rate plus
1.0%. The standby bond purchase agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. expires on March 28, 2009, and we can provide no assurances that this agreement will be extended. The variable rate demand debt is classified as long-term since the
Company expects the debt to remarket successfully and the Company expects to extend the maturity of the standby purchase agreement. The Company can provide no assurances that it will continue to remarket the bonds successfully or extend the standby
bond purchase agreement. If the Company cannot remarket the bonds or extend the maturity of the standby bond purchase agreement, the bonds will be classified as short-term debt. During the month of January 2009, AWCC purchased $86.9 million of its variable rate demand bonds because no buyer was willing to purchase the bonds at
market rates. Buyers later purchased $28.9 million of the bonds from AWCC at market rates. AWCC expects to remarket the remaining $58.0 million of bonds. At this time the Company does not believe recent market disruptions will impact its long-term ability to obtain financing. The Company expects to have access to liquidity in the capital markets on favorable terms
before the maturity dates of its current credit facilities and the Company does not expect a significant number of its lenders to default on their commitments thereunder. In addition, the Company can delay major capital 77 Table of Contents investments or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity, if necessary. The Company believes it can rely upon cash flows from operations to
meet its obligations and fund its minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time. Regulatory Restrictions The issuance by the Company or AWCC of long-term debt or equity securities does not require authorization of any state PUC if no guarantee
or pledge of the regulated subsidiaries is utilized. However, state PUC authorization is required to issue long-term debt or equity securities at most regulated subsidiaries. Our regulated subsidiaries normally obtain the required approvals on a
periodic basis to cover their anticipated financing needs for a period of time or in connection with a specific financing. Under
applicable law, our subsidiaries can pay dividends only from retained, undistributed or current earnings. A significant loss recorded at a subsidiary may limit the dividends that these companies can distribute to us. Insurance Coverage We carry various
prope