—Risks Related to our Business.” Predecessor Period from January 1, 2013 through January 31, 2013 Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2012 Allocated corporate costs $ 25.4 $ 333.3 Standalone costs (19.7 ) (249.1 ) Total $ 5.7 $ 84.2 (5) Working capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities. (6) Net debt is defined as debt, net of discount, less cash and cash equivalents. 18 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our common shares involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks, together with the other information
contained in this prospectus, before you decide whether to buy our common shares. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could
suffer significantly. As a result, the market price of our common shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of the money you paid to buy our common shares. The following is a summary of all the material risks known to us. Risks Related to our Business Risks
Related to Execution of our Strategic and Operating Plans Our business performance is impacted by economic conditions and, particularly, by
conditions in the light and commercial vehicle end-markets. Adverse developments in the global economy, in regional economies or in the light and commercial vehicle end-markets could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. The growth of our business and demand for our products is affected by changes in the health of the overall global economy, regional
economies and, in particular, of the light and commercial vehicle end-markets. Our business is adversely affected by decreases in the general level of global economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending, construction
activity and industrial manufacturing. Economic developments affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways. A tightening of credit in financial markets could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for
significant purchases and operations, could result in a decrease in or cancellation of orders for our products and services and could impact the ability of our customers to make payments owed to us. Similarly, a tightening of credit in financial
markets could adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for one or more of our suppliers to experience financial distress or bankruptcy. Our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by difficult economic conditions and/or significant
volatility in the capital, credit and commodities markets. Several of the end-markets we serve are cyclical, and macroeconomic and other factors
beyond our control could reduce demand from these end-markets for our products, materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Weak economic conditions could depress new car sales and/or production,
reducing demand for our light vehicle OEM coatings and limit the growth of the car parc. These factors could, in turn, cause a related decline in demand for our automotive refinish coatings because, as the age of a vehicle increases, the general
propensity of car owners to pay for cosmetic repairs decreases. Also, during difficult economic times, car owners may refrain from seeking repairs for their damaged vehicles. Similarly, periods of reduced global economic activity could hinder global
industrial output, which could decrease demand for our industrial and commercial coating products. Our global business is adversely affected by decreases
in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending, construction activity and industrial manufacturing. Disruptions in the United States, Europe or in other economies, or weakening of emerging markets,
such as Brazil, could adversely affect our sales, profitability and/or liquidity. We may be unable to successfully execute on our growth
initiatives, business strategies or operating plans. We are executing on a number of growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans designed
to enhance our business. For example, we are undertaking certain operational improvement initiatives with respect to realigning our manufacturing facilities in Europe and are growing our sales force in emerging markets and end-markets 19 Table of Contents where we are underrepresented. The anticipated benefits from these efforts are based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully complete
these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans and realize all of the benefits, including growth targets and cost savings, we expect to achieve or it may be more costly to do so than we anticipate. A variety of risks could cause us not to
realize some or all of the expected benefits. These risks include, among others, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these
efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Moreover, our continued implementation of these programs may disrupt our operations and performance. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will realize
these benefits. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than
we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Increased competition may
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face substantial competition from many international, national,
regional and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our coatings and related products. Some of our competitors are larger than us and have greater financial resources than we do. Other competitors are
smaller and may be able to offer more specialized products. We believe that technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, local presence and price are the key competitive
factors for our business. Competition in any of these areas may reduce our net sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing and
selling our products. Weather conditions may reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. From time to time, weather conditions have an adverse effect on our sales of coatings and related products.
For example, unusually mild weather during winter months may lead to fewer vehicle collisions, reducing market demand for our refinish coatings. Conversely, harsh weather conditions can force our customers to reduce or suspend operations, thereby
reducing the amount of products they purchase from us. Any such reductions in customer purchases could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Improved safety features on vehicles and insurance company influence may reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Vehicle manufacturers continue to develop new safety features such as collision
avoidance technology and self-driving vehicles that may reduce vehicle collisions in the future, potentially negatively impacting demand for our refinish coatings. In addition, insurance companies may influence vehicle owners to use body shops that
do not use our products, which could also potentially negatively impact demand for our refinish coatings. Any resulting reduction in demand for our refinish coatings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. The loss of any of our largest customers or the consolidation of MSOs, distributors and/or body shops could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have some customers that purchase a large amount of products from us and we are
also reliant on distributors to assist us in selling our products. Our largest single customer accounted for approximately 8% of our net sales for the LTM Period, and our largest distributor accounted for approximately 3% of our net sales for the
LTM Period. Consolidation of any of our customers, including MSOs, distributors and body shops, could decrease our customer base and impact our results of operations if the resulting business chooses to use one of our competitors for the
consolidated business. The loss of any of our large customers or distributors, as a result of consolidation or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 20 Table of Contents We rely on our distributor network and third-party delivery services for the distribution and export of
certain of our products. A significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices for those services may disrupt our ability to export material or increase our costs. We ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through our distributor network as well as independent third-party delivery companies. If any of
our key distributors or third-party delivery providers experiences a significant disruption such that our products cannot be delivered in a timely fashion or such that we incur additional shipping costs that we could not pass on to our customers,
our costs may increase and our relationships with certain 