Investing
    in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described under “Risk Factors” in this prospectus
    beginning on page 7, our Annual Report on Form 10-K and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and any amendments thereto,
    respectively, as well as the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus before deciding to invest
    in our securities. Transfer
    Agent, warrant agent and registrar The
    transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer, with its business address at 237 W. 37 th Street,
    Suite 602, New York, NY 10018 and its telephone number is (212) 575-5757. The warrant agent for the Common Warrants and Pre-funded
    Warrants will be [●]. This
prospectus contains our trademarks, tradenames and service marks and also contains certain trademarks, tradenames and service marks of
other parties. 6 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. In addition to the other information included in this prospectus,
you should carefully consider each of the risk factors set forth in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, and any amendments thereto, respectively. on file with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
The risks described are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we presently consider
immaterial may also adversely affect our company. If any of the risks described occur, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our securities could decline, and
you could lose all or part or your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information included or incorporated
by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Risks
Related to Our Business We
recorded a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 and there can be no assurance that our future operations
will result in net income; we received a going concern qualification. For
the year ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we had net revenue from discontinued operations of approximately $5,197,000 and
$16,186,000, respectively, and we had net loss of approximately $9,419,000 and $18,313,000, respectively. There can be no assurance that
our future operations will result in net income. Our failure to generate revenues or improve our gross margins will harm our business.
We may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our revenues grow more slowly
than we anticipate, our gross margins fail to improve or our operating expenses exceed our expectations, our operating results will suffer.
The fee we charge for our management services may decrease, which would reduce our revenues and harm our business. If we are unable to
sell our services at acceptable prices relative to our costs, or if we fail to develop and introduce new services on a timely basis and
services from which we can derive additional revenues, our financial results will suffer. As discussed in Note 3 to our consolidated financial
statements included in our Amendment No. 1 to our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, the Company
has suffered recurring losses from, and net cash used in operations and has a net capital deficiency, and has discontinued its operations,
which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. We expect to incur losses this year and may never achieve
or maintain profitability. Our future success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, and changes in management
may negatively affect our business. We have a need for additional funding. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be
forced to delay, reduce, or eliminate our development. We may form or seek strategic alliances in the future, and we may not realize
the benefits of such alliances. Further,
because of our small size and limited operating history, our company is particularly susceptible to adverse effects from changes in the
law, economic conditions, consumer tastes, competition and other contingencies or events beyond our control. It may be more difficult
for us to prepare for and respond to these types of risks than it would be for a company with an established business and operating cash
flow. Due to changing circumstances or an inability to implement any portion of our growth strategy, we may be forced to dramatically
change our planned operations. Our
independent registered public accounting firm has indicated that our financial condition raises substantial doubt as to our ability to
continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that we will continue to operate as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, our independent registered public accounting firm has included in its audit
opinion for the year ended December 31, 2023 a statement that there is substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern
as a result of continued losses and financial condition at December 31, 2023, unless we are able to obtain additional financing or enter
into strategic alliances. The reaction of investors to the inclusion of a going concern statement by our auditors, our current lack of
cash resources and our potential inability to continue as a going concern may adversely affect our share price and our ability to raise
new capital or enter into strategic alliances. If we become unable to obtain additional capital and to continue as a going concern, we
may have to liquidate our assets and the values we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower
than the values reflected in our financial statements. If we are unable to successfully integrate
all of the assets we purchased from Theralink in May 2024, our financial results could be adversely affected. On May 1, 2024, we acquired substantially all
of the assets of Theralink, including license agreements related to Theralink products. The Company is still in the process of integrating
such assets into its control and business. On May 30, 2024, we formed our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ignite, to operate a medical lab,
deliver services related to the Theralink products and collect fees for services rendered. Ignite is in the process of obtaining credentials
for reimbursement for our Theralink test by Medicare and certain third-party payors. Until such time as Ignite is credentialed, we will
accept payment from private insurers. Our Board has also approved the creation of the Ignite Compassionate Care program to enable those
without private insurance or private funds to access our Theralink test when needed until we are credentialed and thereafter for those
without access to any form of insurance. Any failure of the Company to obtain additional license agreement assignments, obtain credentials
for reimbursement by Medicare and certain other third party providers or otherwise integrate the acquired assets limit our ability to
generate or increase revenue and could adversely affect our financial results. We
will need additional funding to achieve our goals and may be unable to raise additional capital when needed, which would force us to
delay, reduce or eliminate our product development and commercialization efforts. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our
existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies. We
expect to expend substantial resources for the foreseeable future to continue the development and commercialization of our technology.
We may not be able to generate significant revenues for several years, if at all. Until such time as we can generate substantial service
revenues, we may attempt to finance our cash needs through equity offerings, debt financings, government and/or other third-party grants
or other third-party funding, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements.
To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, our investors’ ownership
interest will be diluted. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability
to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable to
obtain funding on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail one or more research or development programs, which would
adversely impact potential revenues, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot be certain that additional funding will
be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or
eliminate one or more of our research and development activities. 7 We
may fail completely to implement key elements of our growth and expansion strategy, which could adversely affect our operations and financial
performance. On May 30, 2024, we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary,
Ignite, to operate a medical lab, deliver services related to the Theralink and collect fees for services rendered. Ignite is in the
process of obtaining credentials for reimbursement for our Theralink test by Medicare and certain third-party payors. Until such time
as Ignite is credentialed, we will accept payment from private insurers. Our Board has also approved the creation of the Ignite Compassionate
Care program to enable those without private insurance or private funds to access our