" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Please see "Where You Can Find More
Information" on page 16. The Rescission Offer may not bar claims relating to our issuance of shares in excess of the number registered, and we may continue to be contingently liable for rescission
or damages in an indeterminate amount. It is not certain that the Rescission Offer will have the effect of barring claims relating to our issuance of shares of common stock
in excess of the number we registered. If a person accepts the Rescission Offer, we believe our potential liability to that person will be eliminated. Should the Rescission Offer be rejected, we may
continue to be contingently liable for rescission or
damages. In addition, the Rescission Offer will not prevent regulators from pursuing enforcement actions or imposing penalties and fines against us with respect to any violations of securities laws.
In any event, we do not expect the Rescission Offer to have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity. Your right of rescission, if any, under federal and state law may not survive if you affirmatively reject or fail to accept the Rescission Offer. The rights remaining to the recipients of a rescission offer are not clearly delineated under federal or certain state securities laws.
If you affirmatively reject or fail to accept the Rescission Offer, it is unclear whether your federal right of rescission, if any, will be preserved. The staff of the SEC takes the position that a
person's federal right of rescission may survive a rescission offer. However, the few federal courts that have addressed this issue in the past have suggested that, at least in certain circumstances,
a person who rejects or fails to accept a rescission offer may be precluded from later seeking similar relief. The
Rescission Offer may also affect your right of rescission and your right to damages, if any, under state law. We believe that the sale of the Shares that are the subject of the
Rescission Offer were exempt from registration under state laws. Furthermore, we believe that the Rescission Offer is exempt from registration under the laws of such states and thus need not comply
with the laws of such states regulating such offers. However, we do not make any representation as to the compliance of this Rescission Offer with applicable state law. Under most state laws,
acceptance or rejection of rescission offers may preclude offerees from initiating an action against the rescission offeror in connection with the registration of securities that are the subject of
the rescission offer. We may assert, among other defenses, in any litigation initiated by a person eligible to participate in the Rescission Offer who accepts or rejects the Rescission Offer, that
such person is stopped from asserting such claims as a result of the Rescission Offer. Generally,
the statute of limitations for enforcement of federal statutory rescission rights by a security holder is one year commencing on the date of the sale of the security sold in
violation of the federal registration requirements. Statutes of limitations under state laws vary by state, with the limitation time period under many state statutes not typically beginning until the
facts giving rise to a violation are known. Our Rescission Offer is not an admission that we did not comply with any federal and state registration or disclosure requirements nor is it a waiver by us
of any applicable statute of limitations or any potential defense we may have. Determining when a statute of limitations expires under federal or state law can be a difficult issue, and you should
consult with an attorney if you have any questions regarding how federal or state statutes of limitations may apply to any claims you have. 9 Table of Contents You will not be permitted to conduct any transactions within your Plan account for a period of time following the Expiration Date. Because you will not be permitted to conduct any transactions with respect to your Plan account during this period, you will be subject
to the risk that due to events in the securities markets, the value of your account could significantly decline during this period and you would not be able to make transfers to avoid or mitigate this
result. In addition, any proceeds you receive for the sale of Shares in the Rescission Offer will not be deposited into your Plan account for up to approximately five business days following the
Expiration Date. If you still have a Plan account and are an active employee of Overstock.com, these proceeds will be allocated to your Plan account in accordance with your current investment
elections for new contributions to the Plan. If you have separate investment elections on file for both employee and employer contributions, your proceeds will be invested in accordance with your
investment elections for employer contributions. If you are not an active employee of Overstock.com, or do not have current elections on file, or do not have a Plan account, these funds will be
credited to your Plan account (or a Plan account will be created for you) and invested in the Fidelity Freedom Income Fund. In all cases, you will be subject to the risk that the purchase price of the
applicable investment could increase in value prior to the reinvestment of proceeds in your account, resulting in a higher Share cost for such investment. See "Notice of Blackout Period" for
additional information. OUR COMPANY We are an online retailer offering closeout and discount brand and non-brand name merchandise, including
bed-and-bath goods, home décor, kitchenware, watches, jewelry, electronics and computers, sporting goods, apparel, and designer accessories, among other
products. We sell these products through an internet website located at www.overstock.com ("Website"). We also sell books, magazines, CDs, DVDs and video games ("BMMG"). We also operate as part of our
Website an online auctions business—a marketplace for the buying and selling of goods and services—as well as online sites for listing cars and real estate for sale. In October
2009, we also launched O.biz, a website where customers can shop for bulk and business related items. Our
company, based in Salt Lake City, Utah, was founded in 1997. We launched the Website in March 1999. Our Website offers our customers an opportunity to shop for bargains conveniently,
while offering our suppliers an alternative inventory liquidation or sales channel. We continually add new, sometimes limited inventory products to our Website in order to create an atmosphere that
encourages customers to visit frequently and purchase products before our inventory sells out. We offer approximately 168,000 non books and media products in multiple departments found under the
shopping tab ("Shopping Tab" or "Shopping Section") on our Website, and offer approximately 661,000 media products in the Books & Media department. We sell products primarily in the United
States, with a small amount of products (less than 1% of sales) sold internationally. Our
principal executive offices are located at 6350 South 3000 East, Salt Lake City, Utah 84121, and our telephone number is (801) 947-3100. Our main Website address
is www.overstock.com. The information contained on our Websites is not part of this prospectus. THE RESCISSION OFFER Background and Reasons for the Rescission Offer The Plan is a qualified defined contribution plan under Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The
purpose of the Plan is to provide a voluntary, systematic method for participants to save a specified percentage of the participant's compensation for retirement and to defer federal income tax and,
where allowed, state, city and county income tax, on such compensation. Fidelity Management Trust Company is the Trustee of the Plan. 10 Table of Contents Amounts
in participants' accounts are held in a trust fund maintained for the benefit of participants in the Plan. There are currently 28 funds available to participants under the Plan. One
of the investment choices in the Plan is the Overstock.com Stock Fund, which gives participants the opportunity to invest some or all of the amounts deposited in their Plan account
in shares of our common stock. To effectuate purchases and sales of Shares by participants, the Trustee from time to time purchases and sells our common stock in the open market at market prices. Plan
participants can purchase shares of our common stock through the Plan. The Trustee holds the Plan's shares of Company common stock in the Overstock.com Stock Fund. Although the
shares of our common stock held by the Trustee may have been purchased in the open market by the Trustee, the SEC takes the position that we are required to register the deemed sale of these shares,
as well as shares we contribute directly, to Plan participants with the SEC. In late June 2009 we discovered that
investments in the Overstock.com Stock Fund under the Plan exceeded the number of shares we had registered on Form S-8. Our inadvertent failure to register with the SEC the sale of
certain shares of our common stock under the Plan may have constituted a violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act (which generally requires registration of offers and sales of securities)
and may give rise to liability under Section 12 of the Securities Act (which generally provides a rescission remedy for offers and sales of securities in violation of Section 5). We
are making the Rescission Offer with respect to 65,465 Shares sold pursuant to the Plan during the Purchase Period. We are making the Rescission Offer to ensure compliance with the
Securities Act and to limit any contingent liability we may have as a result of possible noncompliance with applicable federal registration requirements in connection with the purchase of Shares by
Plan participants. Non-employee members of our Board of Directors were not eligible to participate in the Plan and therefore are 