Investing in our Class A common stock involves risk. You
should consider carefully the following risk factors, in addition
 to the other information contained in this prospectus, before
purchasing shares of Class A common stock in this offering.
If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of
operations and financial condition could be materially and
adversely affected, the trading price of our Class A common
stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your
investment. Risks Relating to Our Business Our radio stations may not be able to compete effectively in
their respective markets for advertising revenues, adversely
affecting our results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive business. Our radio stations
compete for audiences and advertising revenues within their
respective markets directly with other radio stations, as well as
 with other media, such as newspapers, magazines, network and
cable television, outdoor advertising, direct mail and emerging
media such as streaming audio delivered over the Internet.
Audience ratings and market shares are subject to change and any
change in a particular market could have a material adverse
effect on the revenue of our stations located in that market. While we already compete in some of our markets with other
stations with similar programming formats, if another radio
station in a market were to convert its programming to a format
similar to one of our stations, if a new station were to adopt a
comparable format or if an existing competitor were to improve
its audience share, our stations could suffer a reduction in
ratings or advertising revenue and could incur increased
promotional and other expenses. Other radio broadcasting companies may enter into the markets in
which we operate or may operate in the future. These companies
may be larger and have more financial resources than we have.
Accordingly, our radio stations may not be able to maintain or
increase their current audience ratings and advertising revenues. A downturn in the performance of our Miami or Philadelphia
stations could adversely affect our revenue and cash flow. For the nine months ended September 30, 1999, approximately
43% of our net revenues and 38% of our broadcast cash flow came
from our stations operating in the Miami market. For the same
period, approximately 20% of our net revenues and 19% of our
broadcast cash flow came from our stations operating in the
Philadelphia market. A significant decline in revenue and
broadcast cash flow from our stations in either of those markets,
 as a result of a ratings decline or other factors, could have a
material adverse effect on our operations and financial
condition. In addition, given the relatively high percentage of
our net revenues and broadcast cash flow derived from the Miami
and Philadelphia areas, adverse events or conditions that affect
the economy of those markets could have a more adverse effect on
our operating results than if our operations were more
geographically diverse. We may not be successful in consummating future acquisitions,
an important element of our business strategy, which could
significantly impair our future growth. Radio broadcasting is a rapidly consolidating industry, with many
 companies seeking to consummate acquisitions and increase their
market share. In this environment, we compete and will continue
to compete with many other buyers for the acquisition of radio
stations. Our acquisition strategy is subject to a number of
risks, including: • competitors may be able to outbid us for acquisitions because
	they have greater financial resources; • required regulatory approvals may result in unanticipated delays
	in completing acquisitions; • we may fail to consummate our pending acquisitions; 8 Table of Contents • acquired stations may not increase our broadcast cash flow or
	yield other anticipated benefits; • we may not be successful in integrating acquisitions we may make;
	 and • we may be required to raise additional financing to consummate
	future acquisitions and that financing may not be available to us
	 on acceptable terms. If we are unable to successfully identify and consummate future
acquisitions in markets where we have the opportunity only to
purchase additional stations permitted under applicable law, we
could lose our ability to compete in those markets. Moreover, to
the extent securities analysts and investors anticipate that we
will continue to grow through acquisitions, and we do not do so,
our stock price could decline, perhaps substantially. Our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
effectively controls our company and members of his immediate
family also own a substantial equity interest. Their interests
may conflict with yours. Upon completion of the offering, George G. Beasley, our
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, will
beneficially own      shares of our
Class B common stock, representing approximately
     % of the total voting power of all
of our outstanding common stock (     %
if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in
full). Upon completion of the offering, Mr. Beasley and his
immediate family will beneficially own
     shares of our Class A common
stock through employee stock options and
     shares of our Class B common
stock, representing approximately      %
 of the total voting power of all of our outstanding common stock
 ( % if the underwriters exercise their over-allotment option in
full). Mr. Beasley generally is able to control the vote on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Therefore, he is
able to direct our management and policies, except with respect
to those matters requiring a class vote under the provisions of
our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or applicable law,
including, without limitation, the election of two Class A
directors. Without the approval of Mr. Beasley, we will be
unable to consummate transactions involving an actual or
potential change of control, including transactions in which you
might otherwise receive a premium for your shares over then
current market prices. Historically, we have entered into significant transactions with
George G. Beasley, members of his immediate family and
affiliated entities. See “Certain Transactions.” Some
of these transactions will be in effect after completion of the
offering. For example, before the offering, Beasley Broadcast
Group owned a number of radio towers used in the operation of our
 stations. These towers and related real estate assets are being
transferred to a company owned by George G. Beasley and members
of his immediate family. We will lease these towers on a
going-forward basis, and therefore these operating assets will
not be under our direct control. Although we anticipate that
future related party transactions will be on terms at least as
favorable to us as could be obtained from unaffiliated parties,
we cannot assure you that this will be the case. We may incur substantial indebtedness, which may affect our
cash flow and operations. We have the ability to incur indebtedness that is substantial in
relation to our stockholders’ equity. As of
September 30, 1999, giving effect to pending acquisitions
and to this offering, we would have had approximately
$      million in long-term
indebtedness (including current portion) and stockholders’
equity of approximately
$       million. Under our
credit facility, we can currently borrow up to $150 million,
 subject to compliance with financial ratios and covenants. We
intend to re-negotiate our credit facility to obtain additional
borrowing capacity. 9 Table of Contents If we incur a substantial amount of indebtedness under our
current or an amended credit facility, it could have several
important consequences to the holders of Class A common
stock, including, but not limited to, the following: • a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations could be
	dedicated to debt service and would not be available for other
	purposes, including for funding future acquisitions and ongoing
	capital expenditures; • our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
	capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate or other
	 purposes could be impaired; • our leveraged position and the covenants contained in our credit
	facility could limit our ability to compete, implement our
	acquisition strategy and make capital improvements; • our level of indebtedness could make us more vulnerable to
	economic downturns, limit our ability to withstand competitive
	pressures and reduce our flexibility in responding to changing
	business and economic conditions compared to less leveraged
	companies; and • restrictive covenants contained in our credit facility could
	limit our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions
	to our stockholders. The covenants in our existing credit facility restrict our
financial and operational flexibility, which could have an
adverse affect on our results of operations. Our existing credit facility contains covenants that restrict,
among other things, our ability to borrow money, make particular
types of investments or other restricted payments, swap or sell
assets, issue equity or merge or consolidate. An event of default
 under our credit facility could allow the lenders to declare all
 amounts outstanding immediately due and payable. We have pledged
 substantially all of our combined assets and the stock of our
subsidiaries to secure the debt under our credit facility. If the
 amounts outstanding under the credit facility were accelerated,
the lenders could proceed against that collateral. Any event of
default, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our
business. Our credit facility also requires us to maintain specified
financial ratios. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can
be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure
you that we will meet those ratios. We also may incur future de