” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview We are a team of experienced drug discoverers,
developers, and innovators working to create life-altering medicines that target well-characterized genetic diseases at their source. We founded BridgeBio in 2015 to identify and advance transformative medicines to treat patients who suffer from
Mendelian diseases, which are diseases that arise from defects in a single gene, and cancers with clear genetic drivers. Our pipeline of over 15 development programs includes product candidates ranging from early discovery to late-stage development.
Several of our programs target indications that we believe present the potential for our product candidate, if approved, to target portions of market opportunities of at least $1.0 billion in annual sales. We have four product candidates in
clinical trials that, if positive, we believe could support the filing of an application for marketing authorization. Two of these product candidates are in Phase 3 clinical trials, one is in a Phase 2/3 clinical trial, and one is in a
Phase 2 clinical trial. We focus on genetic diseases because they exist at the intersection of high unmet patient need and tractable biology. Our
approach is to translate research pioneered at academic laboratories and leading medical institutions into products that we hope will ultimately reach patients. We are able to realize this opportunity through a confluence of scientific advances:
(i) identification of the genetic underpinnings of disease as more cost-efficient genome and exome sequencing becomes available; (ii) progress in molecular biology; and (iii) the development and maturation of longitudinal data and
retrospective studies that enable the linkage of genes to diseases. We believe that this early-stage innovation represents one of the greatest practical sources for new drug creation. Since our inception in 2015, we have focused substantially all of our efforts and financial resources on acquiring and developing product and technology
rights, building our intellectual property portfolio and conducting research and development activities for our product candidates within our wholly-owned subsidiaries and controlled entities, including partially-owned subsidiaries and subsidiaries
we consolidate based on our deemed majority control of such entities as determined using either the variable interest entity, or VIE model, or the voting interest entity, or VOE model. To support these activities, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary,
BridgeBio Services, Inc., (i) identify and secure new programs, (ii) set up new wholly-owned subsidiaries and controlled entities, (iii) recruit key management team members, (iv) raise and allocate capital across the portfolio and
(v) provide certain shared services, including accounting and human resources, as well as workspaces. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. To date, we have funded our operations
with proceeds from the sale of our equity securities and, to a lesser extent, debt borrowings. As of March 31, 2019, we had cash and cash
equivalents of $373.0 million. Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses. For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, we incurred net losses of $43.8 million and $169.5 million, respectively. For the
three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, we incurred net losses of $42.4 million and $69.4 million, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2019 of $234.7 million. Our ability to generate product
revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our product candidates at our 96 Table of Contents wholly-owned subsidiaries and controlled entities. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years. Factors Affecting Comparability Our historical financial
condition and results of operations for the periods presented may not be comparable, either between periods or going forward due to the factors described below. Eidos Therapeutics, Inc. 2018 Financing Transactions and IPO: In February 2018, we entered into a note and warrant purchase agreement with Eidos pursuant to which Eidos issued a convertible promissory note, or the Eidos
Note, with the principal amount of $10.0 million and a warrant to purchase a number of shares of preferred stock equal to $4.0 million at the price paid by investors in the next equity financing, or the Eidos Warrant. In March 2018, we
transferred 10% or $1.0 million of our interest in the Eidos Note and the Eidos Warrant to a minority stockholder of Eidos. In March 2018, the Eidos Note was redeemed into shares of Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock of Eidos at a
30% discount to the price paid by other investors. In conjunction with these transactions, Eidos recognized a preferred stock warrant liability, tranche liability and an embedded derivative, which were recorded at fair value at inception and
remeasured to fair value at each subsequent reporting date until the instruments were settled. In 2018, we recorded $1.3 million in other income (expense) in the combined and consolidated statements of operations related to these 2018 Eidos
financing transactions. All of these Eidos financial instruments were settled during 2018. In June 2018, Eidos completed its initial public offering, or
the Eidos IPO. All redeemable convertible preferred stock of Eidos was converted into common stock at the closing of the Eidos IPO. As part of the Eidos IPO, we purchased common stock of $17.0 million. The Eidos Warrant was also net exercised
upon the completion of the Eidos IPO. We previously determined that Eidos was a controlled VIE as of December 31, 2017 and through its initial public offering in June 2018, at which time we determined that Eidos is no longer a VIE. Subsequent
to the Eidos IPO and through March 31, 2019, we held a majority voting interest in Eidos and consolidate Eidos under the VOE model. PellePharm,
Inc. Transactions: PellePharm entered into a series of agreements, or the LEO Agreement, with LEO Pharma A/S, or LEO, in November 2018. As part of the
LEO Agreement, we granted LEO an exclusive, irrevocable option, or the LEO Call Option, to acquire all of PellePharm’s shares held by us. The LEO Call Option is exercisable by LEO on or before the occurrence of certain events relating to
PellePharm’s clinical development programs and no later than July 30, 2021. We account for the LEO Call Option as a current liability in our combined and consolidated financial statements because we are obligated to sell our shares in
PellePharm to LEO at a pre-determined price, if the option is exercised. The fair value of the LEO Call Option on issuance was $1.9 million. We will remeasure the LEO Call Option to fair value at each
subsequent combined and consolidated balance sheet date until the LEO Call Option is either exercised or expires. We previously determined that we were the primary beneficiary of PellePharm, as of December 31, 2017 and through the date of
execution of the LEO Agreement in November 2018. At the time of execution, we concluded that we are no longer the primary beneficiary of, and thus deconsolidated, PellePharm. Subsequent to the LEO Agreement, we account for our retained investment in
PellePharm under the equity method and cost method. Basis of Presentation and Consolidation Prior to June 2017, we consisted of two separate legal entities, BridgeBio LLC and BridgeBio Pharma LLC. Historically, our members have provided funding to
both entities. In June 2017, to consolidate the investments made in both entities, BridgeBio LLC and BridgeBio Pharma LLC merged through a transaction under common 97 Table of Contents control, or the Merger. As part of the Merger, BridgeBio LLC’s redeemable convertible Series A preferred units, redeemable convertible Series B preferred units, redeemable founder units and
redeemable common units were cancelled and holders of such units were issued the same number of BridgeBio Pharma LLC’s redeemable convertible Series A preferred units, redeemable convertible Series B preferred units, redeemable founder units
and redeemable common units. As a result of the Merger, we recorded a capital transaction of $4.5 million to accumulated deficit in June 2017, which represents the difference between the carrying amounts of the cancelled and newly issued units.
As a result of the Merger, there was no gain or loss recognized at BridgeBio LLC for tax purposes. Except as otherwise indicated or the context otherwise
requires, all information included herein is presented giving effect to the Merger. Since our inception, we have created wholly-owned subsidiaries or
made investments in certain controlled entities, including partially-owned subsidiaries for which we have majority voting interest under the VOE model or for which we are the primary beneficiary under the VIE model, which we refer to collectively as
our consolidated entities. Ownership interests in entities over which we have significant influence, but not a controlling financial interest, are accounted for as cost and equity method investments. Ownership interests in consolidated entities that
are held by entities other than us are reported as redeemable convertible noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests in our combined and consolidated balance sheets. Losses attributed to redeemable convertible noncontrolling interests and
noncontrolling interests are reported separately in our combined and consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 98 Table of Contents We have either created or made investments in the following entities, which are consolidated in our combined
and consolidated financial statements, with the exception of PellePharm as discussed above: Consolidated Entities Relationship as of Decem