” on page 10 and other information
included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of intellectual property risks to consider carefully before
deciding to invest in our securities. 5 Our Management Team We have two full-time employees. Jeffrey Frelick
has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since June 2019 and brings more than 35 years of leadership, operational, and
investment experience in the life science industry. Deina Walsh has served as our Chief Financial Officer since November 2014. Mr. Frelick previously served as our Chief Operating
Officer from 2015 to June 2019. Prior to Bone Biologics, Mr. Frelick spent 15 years on Wall Street as a sell-side analyst following the
med-tech industry at investment banks Canaccord Genuity, ThinkEquity and Lazard. He also previously worked at Boston Biomedical Consultants
where he provided strategic planning assistance, market research data and due diligence for diagnostic companies. He began his career
at Becton Dickinson in sales and sales management positions after gaining technical experience as a laboratory technologist with Clinical
Pathology Facility. Mr. Frelick received a B.S. in Biology from University of Pittsburgh and an M.B.A. from Suffolk University’s
Sawyer Business School. Ms. Walsh has served as our Chief Financial Officer
since November 2014. She is a certified public accountant and was the owner/founder of DHW CPA, PLLC, a public accounting firm. Prior
to forming her firm, Ms. Walsh spent 13 years at a public accounting firm where, as a partner, she was actively responsible for leading
firm audit engagements of publicly held entities in accordance with PCAOB standards and compliance with SEC regulations, including internal
control requirements under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Ms. Walsh had a global client base including entities throughout the
United States, Canada and China. These entities encompass a diverse range of industries including manufacturing, wholesale, life sciences,
pharmaceuticals, and technology. Her experience includes work with start-up companies and well-established operating entities. She has
assisted many entities seeking debt and equity capital. Areas of specialty include mergers, acquisitions, reverse mergers, consolidations,
complex equity structures, foreign currency translations and revenue recognition complexities. Ms. Walsh has an Associates of Science
Degree in Business Administration from Monroe Community College and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from the State University
of New York at Brockport. We have relied and plan on continuing to rely on
independent organizations, advisors and consultants to perform certain services for us, including handling substantially all aspects
of regulatory approval, clinical management, manufacturing, marketing, and sales. Such services may not always be available to us on
a timely basis or at costs that we can afford. We also have engaged and plan to continue to engage regulatory consultants to advise us
on our dealings with the FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities and have been and will be required to retain additional consultants
and employees. Our future performance will depend in part on our
ability to successfully integrate newly hired officers into our management team, engage and retain consultants, and to develop an effective
working relationship with our management and consultants. Losing key personnel or failing to recruit necessary additional personnel would
impede our ability to attain our development objectives. Losing key personnel or failing to recruit necessary additional personnel would
impede our ability to attain our development objectives. See “Risk Factors” on page 10 and other information included or incorporated
by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of management risks to consider carefully before deciding to invest in our securities. 6 Recent Developments Nasdaq Compliance On April 7, 2025, we received a letter from the
Listing Qualifications Staff (the “Staff”) of Nasdaq indicating that, based on the closing bid price of our common stock
for 30 consecutive business days, we no longer meet Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), which requires listed companies to maintain a minimum
bid price of at least $1 per share (the “Bid Price Rule”). As discussed below, we completed a 1-for-6 reverse stock split
on June 10, 2025, and as of the close of business on June 24, 2025, we believe we have regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule because
we have maintained a minimum bid price of at least $1 per share for 10 consecutive business days. We expect to receive a letter from
the Staff of Nasdaq indicating that we have regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule. Reverse Stock Split On May 30, 2025, we received the approval of the
requisite number of holders of the shares of our common stock to amend our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended
(“Certificate of Incorporation”), to effect a reverse split of the shares of our common stock at a ratio of 1-for-2.5 to
1-for-10 (or any number in between), with the exact ratio to be set within such range in the discretion of our Board of Directors without
further approval or authorization of our stockholders. On June 5, 2025, we filed a Certificate of Amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware to effect a 1-for-6 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock. The reverse
stock split became effective on June 10, 2025. The conversion or exercise prices of our issued and outstanding stock options and warrants
were adjusted accordingly in connection with the reverse stock split. Going Concern We have a history of operating losses since inception
and expect to incur additional near-term losses. As discussed further in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis - Liquidity
and Capital Resources,” included in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, which is incorporated herein by
reference, our independent registered public accounting firm, in its audit report to the financial statements included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Following
this offering, we will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and continue to support our planned development and commercialization
activities. If we cannot secure the financing needed to continue as a viable business, our stockholders may lose some or all of their
investment in us. Corporate Information We were incorporated under the laws of the State
of Delaware on October 18, 2007 as AFH Acquisition X, Inc. Pursuant to a Merger Agreement, dated September 19, 2014, by and among the
Company, its wholly-owned subsidiary, Bone Biologics Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Merger Sub”), and Bone Biologics,
Inc., Merger Sub merged with and into Bone Biologics Inc., with Bone Biologics Inc. remaining as the surviving corporation in the merger.
Upon the consummation of the merger, the separate existence of Merger Sub ceased. On September 22, 2014, the Company officially changed
its name to “Bone Biologics Corporation” to more accurately reflect the nature of its business and Bone Biologics, Inc. became
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Bone Biologics, Inc. was incorporated in California on September 9, 2004. Our principal executive offices are located at 2
Burlington Woods Drive, Suite 100, Burlington MA 01803 and our telephone number is (781) 552-4452. Our website address is www.bonebiologics.com.
The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and you should not consider any information
contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus or in deciding whether to invest in our securities. 7 THE OFFERING The following summary contains basic information
about this offering. The summary is not intended to be complete. You should read the full text and more specific details contained elsewhere
in this prospectus. Common Stock Offered Up to 846,023 shares. Pre-Funded Warrants Offered We are also offering to those investors, if any, whose purchase of
    shares of our common stock in this offering would result in such investor, together with its affiliates and certain related parties,
    beneficially owning more than 4.99% (or, at the election of the investor, 9.99%) of our outstanding common stock following the consummation
    of this offering, the opportunity to purchase, in lieu of the common stock that would otherwise result in the investor’s beneficial
    ownership exceeding 4.99% (or, at the election of the investor, 9.99%), pre-funded warrants each to purchase one share of our common
    stock at an exercise price of $0.001, which we refer to as the “pre-funded warrants.” Each pre-funded warrant will be
    exercisable upon issuance and may be exercised at any time until all of the pre-funded warrants are exercised in full. Each pre-funded
    warrant is being sold together with one Series D Warrant to purchase one share of common stock and one Series E Warrant to purchase
    one share of common stock. The public offering price for each pre-funded warrant and the accompanying warrants is equal to the
    price per share of common stock and the accompanying warrants being sold to the public in this offering, minus $0.001. For each pre-funded
    warrant we sell, the number of shares of common stock we sell will be decreased on a one-for-one basis. This prospectus also relates
    to the offering of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the pre-funded warrants. See “Description of Securities
    – Pre-Funded Warrants” for additional information. Warrants Offered Each shar