.” New Patient Adoption and iLet Sales Our financial performance has largely been driven by, and in the future will continue to be impacted by, the rate of sales of our products to
new patients. Management focuses on new patient starts as a key indicator of current business success. We expect our new patient starts to continue to grow as we increase penetration in our existing markets and expand into, or offer new features and
solutions that appeal to, new markets. We plan to grow our sales in the coming years through multiple strategies, including expanding our
sales efforts to focus on the more diffuse population of people with T1D who are treated by PCP over time, expanding our marketing initiatives including via the Bionic Universe, leveraging our partnerships with global leaders in CGM technology like
Dexcom and Abbott, growing our internal customer support team, continuing to enhance our product offerings and pursuing a multi-channel coverage and reimbursement strategy. Third-Party Payor Reimbursement and Impact of Our Multi-Channel Reimbursement Strategy As a medical device company, our revenue and results of operations may be impacted by the failure to obtain adequate coverage or reimbursement
for our current and future products from third-party payors, as well as changes in reimbursement structures in line with our strategy. 111 Table of Contents We are pursuing a multi-channel coverage and reimbursement strategy to maximize access to
the iLet within the T1D population, provide flexibility for PWD in choosing their device and provide PWD with advantageous coverage and reimbursement terms. We are working with payors to establish coverage and reimbursement under both the DME and
PBP channels as we believe this strategy increases access and optimizes the potential for better medical outcomes for PWD through the adoption of the iLet. The DME and PBP channels for the iLet and its single-use products entail different payment outlays and therefore differentially impact PWD and our financial results. When considering the overall economics over the lifetime of each iLet, sales through the
DME channel generally result in higher upfront cash flows from the large, upfront payment and reimbursement for the iLet, but lead to lower cash flows over time as the user purchases the necessary single-use products. By contrast, sales through the
PBP channel generally result in lower upfront cash flows from the small payment and reimbursement for the iLet, but lead to higher cash flows over time as the user purchases the necessary single-use products. This is because single-use products
under the PBP channel are sold at a much higher per unit cost than under the DME. As a result of a small amount of revenue recognized at or around the date the iLet is sold in the PBP channel, we absorb initial negative gross margin. iLet sales in
the PBP channel are generally expected to start generating cumulative positive gross margin for us following the third month the user utilizes the iLet and continues to purchase single-use products. For the year ended December 31, 2023, PBP channel
sales represented 7% of net sales. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, PBP channel sales represented 9% of net sales in each period. When comparing sales through the DME and PBP channels, we expect sales through the PBP channel
will have a more favorable economic impact on our financial results over the lifetime of the iLet. To the extent that our mix of channel reimbursement fluctuates, our financial results may vary from period to period. Continued Investment In Growth and Innovation Our revenue growth has been driven by rapid innovation and quick adoption of our products by our customer base. We intend to continue to make
focused investments to increase revenue and grow our business, and therefore expect expenses in this area to increase. We have invested,
and will continue to invest, significantly in our manufacturing capabilities and commercial and customer support infrastructure. We expect that our 50,000 square foot facility in Irvine, California, which commenced operations in 2020, will have
sufficient production capacity to support our anticipated clinical and commercial demand for the foreseeable future. We also plan to invest in sales and marketing activities, expect to incur additional general and administrative expenses and to have
higher stock-based compensation expenses as we support our growth and our transition to becoming a publicly traded company. The medical
device industry is intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and highly sensitive to the introduction of new products, treatment techniques or technologies. We expect our business to be impacted by the introduction of new diabetes devices and
treatments by us or our competitors. In order to maintain our competitive position in the marketplace, we intend, through our experienced research and development team, to continue investing in disruptive technologies, such as a patch pump and
bihormonal configuration of the iLet, as well as pursuing the development of the iLet for expanded patient populations and indications such as people with T2D. As cost of revenue, operating expenses and capital expenditures fluctuate over time, we may experience short-term, negative impacts to our
results of operations and cash flows, but we are undertaking such investments in the belief that they will contribute to long-term growth. Moreover, introduction of new products may negatively impact aspects of our financial performance such as our
overall gross margins. Regulatory Approvals and Actions The medical devices we manufacture are subject to laws and regulation by numerous regulatory bodies, including the FDA. The laws and
regulations govern, among other things, the research and development, design, 112 Table of Contents testing, manufacture, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion, post-approval monitoring and reporting, distribution and import and export of medical devices. Any adverse
event involving any products that we distribute could result in future corrective actions, such as recalls or customer notifications, or regulatory agency action, which could include inspection, mandatory recall or other enforcement action. In the
future, we also intend to pursue additional products, such as a patch pump and bihormonal configuration of the iLet, as well as pursue the development of the iLet for expanded patient populations and indications such as people with T2D, which will
increase our expenses and subject us to increased regulatory-related risks. Seasonality We anticipate that the revenue generated from our product sales will vary from quarter to quarter as we continue to commercialize the iLet.
Specifically, we expect to typically experience lower sales in the first quarter of each year compared to the preceding fourth quarter. This seasonal sales pattern in the United States is associated with the annual insurance deductible resets
and coinsurance requirements of the medical insurance plans providing coverage to PWD using the iLet. Macroeconomic Factors, Global Supply Chain
Challenges and Inventory Our costs are subject to fluctuation, and we continue to evaluate contributing factors, specifically
those leading to inflationary cost increases in logistics, price of raw materials (components of the iLet), cost of labor, transportation and operating supplies. While we are experiencing higher raw material, labor, transportation, and operating
supply costs, we intend to continue to work to improve productivity to help offset these costs as we navigate these global macroeconomic challenges. We currently rely on a number of suppliers who manufacture the components of the iLet and obtain them on a purchase order basis. We have a
supply agreement with Unomedical for the production of infusion sets for our iLet, a contract manufacturing agreement with PMC for the manufacture of our cartridge connectors and a supplier quality agreement with Maxon for the supply of pump motors
for our iLet. Unomedical, PMC and Maxon are our only suppliers of infusion sets, cartridge connections and pump motors, respectively. For additional information regarding the risks of our reliance on these suppliers, please see the section titled
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to Manufacturing and Our Reliance on Third Parties”. To date, we have been able to
successfully mitigate the challenges described above and ensure uninterrupted supply to our customers. However, there may be times at which we determine that our inventory does not meet our product requirements or we maintain an insufficient level
of inventory. We may also over- or underestimate the quantities of required components, in which case we may expend extra resources or be constrained in the amount of end product that we can procure. These factors subject us to the risk of
obsolescence and expiration, which may lead to impairment charges. Components of Results of Operations Revenue Our revenue consists of
(i) net sales and (ii) collaboration revenue. Net Sales In May 2023, the iLet was cleared by the FDA for the treatment of T1D and we began commercializing the iLet in the United States. We generate
product revenue from the sale of the iLet and single-use products that are used together with the iLet, including cartridges for storing and delivering insulin, and infusion sets that connect the insulin pump
to a user’s body. We are able to recognize revenue when control of the promised goods and services is passed to the customer, which we have identified as our distributor and pharmacy partners. 113 Table of Contents Revenue is recognized in the amount of the consideration received net of any estimated returns and estimated variable consideration adjustments, including rebates, chargebacks and patient
assistance, all of which differ by product and sales mix. Revenue is recognized either over time or at a point in time, dependi