”. Current and
Future U.S. Healthcare Reform Legislation Payors, whether domestic or foreign, or governmental or private, are
developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs and those methods are not always specifically adapted for new and innovative technologies, such as pharmaceutical products like ficerafusp alfa. In both the U.S. and
certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact our ability to sell products profitably. By way of example, the U.S. and state governments continue to propose and pass legislation designed to reduce the cost of
healthcare. In March 2010, the ACA, was enacted, which, among other things, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate program to utilization of
prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs; created the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which
manufacturers agree to provide 70% point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as
a condition for the manufacturer’s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government’s comparative effectiveness research. Current laws, as well as other
healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price for any approved products. Since its enactment, there have been, and continue to be, numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative
challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and there could be additional amendments to the ACA in the future. It is unclear whether the ACA will be overturned, repealed, replaced, or further amended. We cannot predict what effect further changes to
the ACA would have on our business. Additionally, there have been several U.S. congressional inquiries and proposed
federal and proposed and enacted state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the 148 Table of Contents relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient support programs, reduce the costs of drugs under Medicare and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For
example, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law by President Biden. The IRA includes several provisions that may impact pharmaceutical companies to varying degrees, including provisions that create
a $2,000 out-of-pocket cap for Medicare Part D beneficiaries; impose new manufacturer financial liability on all drugs in Medicare Part D; allow the U.S. government to
negotiate Medicare Part B and Part D pricing caps for certain high-cost drugs and biologics without generic or biosimilar competition; require companies to pay rebates to Medicare for drug prices that increase faster than inflation; and delay the
rebate rule that would require pass through of pharmacy benefit manager rebates to beneficiaries. The implementation of the IRA is currently subject to ongoing litigation that challenges the constitutionality of the IRA’s Medicare drug price
negotiation program. The full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry in general is not yet known. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control
pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation
from other countries and bulk purchasing. Employees and Human Capital Resources As of August 1, 2024, we had 32 full-time employees and 28 consultants. Within our workforce, 18 employees are engaged in
research and development and 14 are engaged in business development, finance, legal, and general management and administration. Our human capital resources objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our
existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. None of our employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Facilities Our corporate
headquarters is located in Boston, Massachusetts, where we lease and occupy 4,617 square feet of office and laboratory space. The current term of our Boston lease expires on February 28, 2026 with an option to continue thereafter on a month to
month basis unless terminated by either party upon written notice. We believe our existing facilities are sufficient for our needs for the foreseeable future. To meet the future needs of our business, we may lease additional or alternate space, and
we believe suitable additional or alternative space will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to any
litigation or legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are probable to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 149 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Executive Officers And Directors The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our executive officers and directors as of the date of
this prospectus. Name Age Position Executive Officers: Claire Mazumdar, Ph.D., M.B.A. 35 Chief Executive Officer and Director Ryan Cohlhepp, Pharm.D. 48 President, Chief Operating Officer Ivan Hyep, M.B.A. 40 Chief Financial Officer David Raben, M.D. 61 Chief Medical Officer Lara Meisner, J.D. 52 Chief Legal Officer Non-Executive Directors: Nils Lonberg, Ph.D. (3) 68 Director Carolyn Ng, Ph.D. (2) 40 Director Vijay Kuchroo, D.V.M., Ph.D. 69 Director Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (3) 71 Director Heath Lukatch, Ph.D. 57 Director Jake Simson, Ph.D. (3) 38 Director Kate Haviland, M.B.A. (2) 48 Director Scott Robertson, M.B.A. (2) 45 Director Michael Powell (1) (2) 69 Chairperson of the Board Christopher Bowden (2) 63 Director (1) Member of the Audit Committee (2) Member of the Compensation Committee (3) Member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Executive Officers Claire Mazumdar, Ph.D. , M.B.A, has served as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our
board of directors since January 2020. Prior to Bicara, Dr. Mazumdar was Head of Business Development and Corporate Strategy at Rheos Medicines, Inc. a biopharmaceutical company, from August 2017 to December 2019, which culminated in a large
multi-target discovery partnership with Roche. Previously, Dr. Mazumdar as an investment professional at Third Rock Ventures, LLC, or Third Rock, a life sciences venture capital firm, from July 2017 to July 2019. Dr. Mazumdar received a BS
in Biological Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a Ph.D. in Cancer Biology from Stanford School of Medicine, and an M.B.A. from Stanford Graduate School of Business. Dr. Mazumdar is the niece of Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, a
member of our board of directors. We believe Dr. Mazumdar’s senior management experience in the biopharmaceutical industry make her well qualified to serve on our board of directors. Ryan Cohlhepp, Pharm.D. , has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since October 2020, and served
as a member of our board of directors from December 2020 to March 2023. Prior to Bicara, Dr. Cohlhepp was Senior Vice President R&D Strategy and Operations at Rheos Medicines, Inc., a 150 Table of Contents biopharmaceutical company, from March 2018 to October 2020. Dr. Cohlhepp received a Pharm.D. from Purdue University. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms part, Dr. Cohlhepp will be re-appointed as a member of our board of directors. Ivan
Hyep, M.B.A , has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. Prior to joining Bicara Therapeutics, Mr. Hyep was the Director of Finance of MOMA Therapeutics, Inc., a biotechnology company, from July 2019 to March 2021.
Previously, Mr. Hyep as an investment professional at Third Rock, a life sciences venture capital firm, from January 2016 to March 2021. Previously, Mr. Hyep was a Financing Manager at Bain Capital, LP, a private investment firm, from July
2006 to January 2016. Mr. Hyep holds a BS in Finance from Bently University and received his M.B.A. from Boston University. David Raben, M.D. , has served as our Chief Medical Officer since July 2023, having consulted for us from May
2023 to July 2023. Previously, Dr. Raben was Vice President of late-stage product development at Amgen Inc., a biotechnology company, from November 2021 to May 2023, where he led the recently FDA-approved Tarlatamab program for SCLC. Before that, he was Vice President of late-stage product development for lung, skin, head and neck cancer (HNC) at Genentech, Inc., a biotechnology company, from September 2019 to June 2021. He also served as a Professor
of Radiation Oncology at the University of Colorado Health from May 1998 to September 2019. Dr. Raben is a board-certified radiation oncologist with a career focused on investigating novel biologic strategies against growth factor signaling and
immunosuppression for patients advanced lung and HNC. He earned a BA in Psychology from Duke University in 1985, an M.D. f