Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risk factors
set forth below as well as the other information contained in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. In such case, you may lose all or part of your original investment. Risks Relating to Our Business Many of the products we manufacture or purchase and resell are commodities whose price is determined by the market's supply and demand for such products, and the markets in
which we operate are cyclical and competitive. The depressed state of the housing, construction and home improvement markets could continue to adversely affect demand and pricing for our products. Many of the building products we produce or distribute, including OSB, plywood, lumber and particleboard, are commodities that are
widely available from other manufacturers or distributors with prices and volumes determined frequently in an auction market, based on participants' perceptions of short-term supply and demand
factors. At times, the price for any one or more of the products we produce may fall below our cash production costs, requiring us to either incur short-term losses on product sales or cease
production at one or more of our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, our profitability with respect to these commodity products depends, in significant part, on managing our cost structure,
particularly raw materials and labor, which represent the largest components of our operating costs. Commodity wood product prices could be volatile in response to operating rates and inventory levels
in various distribution channels. Commodity price volatility affects our distribution business, with falling price environments generally causing reduced revenues and margins, resulting in substantial
declines in profitability and possible net losses. Historically,
demand for the products we manufacture, as well as the products we purchase and distribute, has been closely correlated with new residential construction in the United
States and, to a lesser extent, light commercial construction and residential repair and remodeling activity. New residential construction activity remained substantially below average historical
levels during 2012 and so did demand for many of the products we manufacture and distribute. There is significant uncertainty regarding the timing and extent of any recovery in such construction
activity and resulting product demand levels. Demand for new residential construction is influenced by seasonal weather factors, mortgage availability and rates, unemployment levels, household
formation rates, domestic population growth, immigration rates, residential vacancy and foreclosure rates, demand for second homes, existing home prices, consumer confidence and other general economic
factors. Wood
products industry supply is influenced primarily by price-induced changes in the operating rates of existing facilities but is also influenced over time by the introduction of new
product technologies, capacity additions and closures, restart of idled capacity and log availability. The balance of wood products supply and demand in the United States is also heavily influenced by
imported products, principally from Canada. We
have very limited control of the foregoing, and as a result, our profitability and cash flow may fluctuate materially in response to changes in the supply and demand balance for our
primary products. Our industry is highly competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively, our sales, operating results and growth strategies could be negatively affected. The markets for the products we manufacture in our Wood Products segment are highly competitive. Our competitors range from very
large, fully integrated forest and building products firms to smaller firms that may manufacture only one or a few types of products. We also compete less 16 Table of Contents directly
with firms that manufacture substitutes for wood building products. Certain mills operated by our competitors may be lower-cost manufacturers than the mills operated by us. The
building products distribution industry that our Building Materials Distribution segment competes in is highly fragmented and competitive, and the barriers to entry for local
competitors are relatively low. Competitive factors in our industry include pricing and availability of product, service and delivery capabilities, ability to assist customers with problem solving,
customer relationships, geographic coverage and breadth of product offerings. Also, financial stability is important to suppliers and customers in choosing distributors and allows for more favorable
terms on which to obtain products from suppliers and sell products to customers. If our financial condition deteriorates in the future, our support from suppliers may be negatively affected. Some
of our competitors are larger companies and, therefore, have access to greater financial and other resources than we do. These resources may afford those competitors greater
purchasing power, increased financial flexibility and more capital resources for expansion and improvement, which may enable those competitors to compete more effectively than we can. Our manufacturing businesses may have difficulty obtaining wood fiber at favorable prices or at all. Wood fiber is our principal raw material, which accounted for approximately 43% of the aggregate amount of materials, labor and other
operating expenses (excluding depreciation), for our Wood Products segment in 2012. Wood fiber is a commodity and prices have been cyclical historically in response to changes in domestic and foreign
demand and supply. Foreign demand for timber exports, particularly from China, increased timber costs in the western U.S. in 2010 and 2011 and negatively affected wood products manufacturers in the
region. In
2012, China's demand for timber exports from the western U.S. declined from 2011 levels, but in the future we expect that the level of foreign demand for timber exports from the western U.S. will
continue to fluctuate based on the economic activity in China and other Pacific Rim countries, currency exchange rates and the availability of timber supplies from other countries such as Canada,
Russia and New Zealand. Sustained periods of high timber costs may impair the cost competitiveness of our manufacturing facilities. We
currently enjoy the benefit of supply agreements put in place in 2005 following the sale of our timberlands (or successor arrangements), under which we purchase timber at market
based prices. For 2012, approximately 33% of our timber was supplied pursuant to agreements assumed by (or replacement master supply agreements with) Hancock Natural Resource Group, Inc.
("Hancock"), The Molpus Woodlands Group LLC ("Molpus") and Rayonier Louisiana Timberlands, LLC, a timberland real estate investment trust ("Rayonier"). The supply agreements with these
parties terminate on December 31, 2014, subject to additional one-year extensions unless notice is provided to the other party at least six months prior to expiration of the applicable
agreement. If a counterparty to these agreements elects not to continue these agreements or we are unable to renegotiate these agreements on terms that are acceptable to us, we would need to locate a
replacement supplier for our timber requirements, which could include private purchases with other suppliers, open-market purchases and purchases from governmental sources. If we are unable to locate
a replacement supplier in a particular region to satisfy our timber needs at satisfactory prices, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In
2012, we purchased approximately 21% of our timber from federal, state and local governments. In certain regions in which we operate, a substantial portion of our timber is purchased
from governmental authorities. As a result, existing and future governmental regulation can affect our access to, and the cost of, such timber. Future domestic or foreign legislation and litigation
concerning the use of timberlands, timber harvest methodologies, forest road construction and maintenance, the protection of endangered species, forest-based carbon sequestration, the promotion of
forest health and the response to and prevention of catastrophic wildfires can affect timber and fiber supply from both 17 Table of Contents government
and private lands. Availability of harvested timber and fiber may be further limited by fire, insect infestation, disease, ice storms, windstorms, hurricanes, flooding and other natural and
man-made causes, thereby reducing supply and increasing prices. Availability
of residual wood fiber for our particleboard operation has been negatively affected by significant mill closures and curtailments that have occurred among solid-wood
product manufacturers. Future development of wood cellulose biofuel or other new sources of wood fiber demand could interfere with our ability to source wood fiber or lead to significantly higher
costs. Significant changes in discount rates, actual investment return on pension assets and other factors could affect our earnings, equity and pension contributions in future
periods. Our earnings may be negatively affected by the amount of income or expense we record for our pension plans. GAAP requires that we
calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions relating to financial market and other economic conditions. Changes in key economic
indicators can change the assumptions. The most significant year-end assumptions used to estimate pension expense are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. In
addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result 