, ” and the financial statements and accompanying notes and other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to “ BioCardia, ” the “ Company, ” “ we, ” “ us ” and “ our ” refer to BioCardia, Inc. and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Overview Our Business We are a clinical-stage company developing cellular and cell-derived therapeutics for the treatment of cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases with significant unmet medical needs. We are advancing two cell therapy platforms derived from the bone marrow in clinical trials today. Our CardiAMP® autologous mononuclear cell therapy platform is being advanced for two clinical indications: ischemic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) and refractory angina resulting from chronic myocardial ischemia (CMI). Our immunomodulatory allogeneic mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) therapy platform is being advanced as an “off the shelf” cell therapy for two clinical indications: the treatment of ischemic HFrEF (CardiALLO™), which is actively enrolling, and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Our autologous CardiAMP and our allogeneic CardiALLO cell therapies intended for cardiac indications of HFrEF and CMI are enabled by our Helix™ transendocardial biotherapeutic delivery system. We partner this therapeutic delivery platform and provide development services selectively with others seeking to develop biotherapeutic interventions for local delivery to the heart. As part of our regulatory efforts, we have submitted CardiAMP HF clinical data to Japan’s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) this quarter and have also had a positive preliminary clinical consultation with PMDA, where the PMDA requested additional details, including clarification on positioning of the prespecified composite endpoints, background on statistical power, clinical rationale for the NTproBNP subgroup and their risk-benefit profile, anticipated target number of patients in Japan, and clinical development status in the United States. We continue to anticipate an in-person formal clinical consultation by the end of the year. In addition, in reviewing the final open-label roll in cohort results from our CardiAMP cell therapy in chronic myocardial ischemia trial, we found that all patients were on guideline-directed medical therapy (GDMT) and responded positively to the autologous cell therapy. Such patients experienced increased exercise tolerance of an average of 80 seconds and an average of 82% reduction in angina episodes at the six-month primary endpoint when compared to measurements prior to cell therapy treatment. Sixty percent of such patients showed substantial improvements in both measures. Risks Associated with Our Business Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our company. See “Risk Factors” below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our company risky include, among others: Risks Related to Our Business, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements ● We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, including requiring additional financing following this offering, and our failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts. ● We have a history of operating losses, and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. ● Our existing and any future contractual arrangement that we expect will provide us access to capital may provide less capital than expected and on a delayed basis. Risks Related to Development and Commercialization ● Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain approval for, and successfully commercialize, the CardiAMP Cell Therapy System. Because the CardiAMP Cell Therapy System is, to our knowledge, the first cardiac cell-based therapy with an accepted pivotal trial that is to be regulated by the FDA via the premarket approval pathway, the approval process for the CardiAMP Cell Therapy System is uncertain. ● Our cell therapy systems and other therapeutic candidates are based on novel technology, which makes it difficult to accurately and reliably predict the time and cost of product development and subsequently obtaining regulatory approval. At the moment, no cell-based therapies have been approved in the United States for a cardiac indication. ● We have encountered, and may in the future encounter, substantial delays in our clinical studies. -1- ● We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials, which could delay or prevent development of our therapeutic candidates. ● We rely on third parties to conduct some or all aspects of our product manufacturing, diagnostic protocol development, research, and preclinical and clinical testing, and these third parties may not perform satisfactorily. ● We rely on third parties to conduct, supervise and monitor our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. ● We depend on third-party vendors to manufacture some of our components and sub-assemblies, which could make us vulnerable to supply shortages and price fluctuations that could harm our business. ● Our future commercial success depends upon attaining significant market acceptance of our therapeutic candidates, if approved, among physicians, patients and healthcare payors. ● Our ability to compete is highly dependent on demonstrating the benefits of CardiAMP to physicians, hospitals and patients. ● We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before, or more successfully, than we do. ● If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our therapeutic candidates, if approved, we may be unable to generate any revenues. ● We have limited experience manufacturing our therapeutic candidates or products in commercial quantities, which could harm our business. ● If we fail to obtain and sustain an adequate level of reimbursement for our products by third-party payors, sales and profitability would be adversely affected. Risks Relating to Government Regulation, Compliance and Litigation ● Even if we obtain regulatory approval for a product candidate, including our cell therapy systems and other therapeutic candidates, these products or therapies, along with our other regulated products, will be subject to ongoing regulatory scrutiny. ● We may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory agencies. ● If we fail to obtain and maintain necessary regulatory clearances or approvals for our therapeutic candidates or products, or if clearances or approvals for our therapeutic candidates or products in additional indications are delayed or not issued, our commercial operations would be harmed. ● Serious adverse events or other safety risks could require us to abandon development and preclude, delay or limit approval of our therapeutic candidates or products or limit the scope of any approved indication or market acceptance. ● Our therapeutic candidates are intended to treat patients who are extremely ill, and patient deaths that occur in our clinical trials could negatively impact our business even if they are not shown to be related to our therapeutic candidates. ● If we or our suppliers fail to comply with the FDA's QSRs, or QMSR, when it goes into effect in 2026, our manufacturing operations could be delayed or shut down and product sales could suffer. ● The requirements to obtain regulatory approval of the FDA and regulators in other jurisdictions can be costly, time-consuming, and unpredictable. If we are unable to obtain timely regulatory approval for our therapeutic candidates, our business may be substantially harmed. ● Even if we obtain and maintain approval for our therapeutic candidates or products from the FDA, we may never obtain approval for our therapeutic candidates or products outside of the United States, which would limit our market opportunities and adversely affect our business. ● We may face competition from biosimilars due to changes in the regulatory environment. ● A recall of any of our commercialized products, or the discovery of serious safety issues, could have a significant negative impact on us. ● Modifications to our products may require reclassifications, new regulatory approvals or clearances, or may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified products until new CE marking is obtained. ● Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and collaboration partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with laws and regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. ● If product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our therapeutic candidates or product. -2- Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business ● If we fail to attract and keep senior management and key scientific personnel, we may be unable to successfully develop our therapeutic candidates, conduct our clinical trials and commercialize our therapeutic candidates. ● We will need to expand our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. ● Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property ● We may not be able to protect our proprietary technology in the marketplace. ● The patent protection of biotherapeutics is complex and uncertain. ● We may 