An investment in
our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below, together with the other
information contained in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end of this
prospectus, for information regarding the risks associated with our business and ownership of our stock. If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer significantly. In any of these cases,
the market price of our common stock could decline. Risks Related to Our Business We are a development
stage company with no operating history, so it will be difficult for potential investors to judge our prospects for success. We are a newly organized
development stage corporation and have no operating history from which to evaluate our business and prospects. We have earned no
revenue since inception. There can be no assurance that our future proposed operations will be implemented successfully or that
we will ever have profits. If we are unable to sustain our operations, investors may lose their entire investment. The company’s auditor has substantial
doubts as to the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Our auditor's report on
our 2013 financial statements expresses an opinion that substantial doubt exists as to whether we can continue as an ongoing business.
The lack of revenues from operations to date raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
audited financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying
amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Because the Company has
been issued an opinion by its auditors that substantial doubt exists as to whether the company can continue as a going concern,
it may be more difficult for the company to attract investors. The Company has generated no revenue since inception. Our future
is dependent upon our ability to obtain financing and implement the Company’s business plan through use of the Agronifier
technology and sales of our nutraceutical products. We may to seek additional funds through private placements of our common stock.
Our financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded assets, or
the amounts of and classification of liabilities that might be necessary in the event we cannot continue in existence. If we complete a
financing through the sale of additional shares of our common stock in the future, then shareholders will experience dilution. The most likely source
of future financing presently available to us is through the sale of shares of our common stock. Any sale of common stock
will result in dilution of equity ownership to existing shareholders. This means that, if we sell shares of our common stock, more
shares will be outstanding and each existing shareholder will own a smaller percentage of the shares then outstanding. To raise
additional capital we may have to issue additional shares, which may substantially dilute the interests of existing shareholders.
Alternatively, we may have to borrow large sums, and assume debt obligations that require us to make substantial interest and capital
payments. We cannot guarantee we
will be successful in generating revenue in the future or be successful in raising funds through the sale of shares to pay for
the Company's business plan and expenditures. As of the date of this Prospectus, we had not earned any revenue. Failure to generate
revenue or to raise funds could cause us to go out of business, which would result in the complete loss of your investment. Because we do not
have an audit committee, shareholders will have to rely on the directors, who are not independent, to perform these functions. We do not have an audit
or compensation committee comprised of independent directors. These functions are performed by the board of directors as a whole.
The members of the Board of Directors are not independent. Thus, there is a potential conflict in that the board members are also
engaged in management and participates in decisions concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management
performance. We have not developed
independent corporate governance. 6 We do not presently have
audit, compensation, or nominating committees. This lack of independent controls over our corporate affairs may result in conflicts
of interest between our officers, directors and our stockholders. We presently have no policy to resolve such conflicts. As a result,
our directors have the ability to, among other things, determine their own level of compensation. Until we comply with such corporate
governance measures to form audit and other board committees in a manner consistent with rules of a national securities exchange,
there is no assurance that we will not be subject to any conflicts of interest. As a result, potential investors may be reluctant
to provide us with funds necessary to expand our operations. The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources and distract our management, which could make it difficult to manage our business, particularly after
we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” We are required to comply
with various regulatory and reporting requirements, including those required by the SEC. Complying with these reporting and other
regulatory requirements are time-consuming and expensive and could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. As a public company, we
are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (“SOX”).
The cost of complying with these requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires that we
file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. SOX requires that we maintain
effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. To maintain and improve the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures, we must commit significant resources, may be required to hire additional staff and need
to continue to provide effective management oversight. We will be implementing additional procedures and processes for the purpose
of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to public companies. Sustaining our growth also will require us to commit
additional management, operational and financial resources to identify new professionals to join the Company and to maintain appropriate
operational and financial systems to adequately support expansion. These activities may divert management’s attention from
other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. We cannot predict or estimate
the amount of additional costs we may incur as a result of becoming a public company or the timing of such costs. We will be obligated
to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting. We may not complete our analysis of our
internal controls over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may have one or more material weaknesses,
which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock. Ensuring that we have adequate
internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely
basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that will need to be evaluated frequently. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires public companies to conduct an annual review and evaluation of their internal controls and attestations of the effectiveness
of internal controls by independent auditors. We will be required to perform the annual review and evaluation of our internal controls
no later than for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014. However, we initially expect to qualify as a smaller reporting
company and as an emerging growth company, and thus, we would be exempt from the auditors’ attestation requirement until
such time as we no longer qualify as a smaller reporting company and an emerging growth company. We would no longer qualify as
a smaller reporting company if the market value of our public float exceeded $75 million as of the last day of our second fiscal
quarter in any fiscal year following this offering. We would no longer qualify as an emerging growth company at such time as described
in the risk factor immediately below. We are in the early stages
of the costly and challenging process of compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to evaluate our internal controls
needed to comply with Section 404. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. If we are
unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our financial reports, which would cause the price of our common stock to decline. While we currently
qualify as an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act, we will lose that status at the latest by the end of 2017,
which will increase the costs and demands placed upon our management. 7 We will continue to be
deemed an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we had total annual
gross revenues of $1,000,000,000 (as indexed for inflation); (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of the date of the first sale of common st