Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 10 of this prospectus and the other information included in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus supplement for a
discussion of certain factors that you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our Common Stock. The number of
shares of Common Stock shown above to be outstanding is based on 114,685,542 shares outstanding as of April 9, 2024 and excludes: • 1,590,196 shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the
“2020 Incentive Plan”); • 430,612 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to future awards under our 2020 Employee Stock
Purchase Plan (“ESPP”); and • 30,434,280 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock issued in the
Concurrent Private Placement. Unless we specifically state otherwise, this prospectus reflects and assumes no exercise of outstanding
options, warrants or restricted stock units (“RSUs”). 8 Table of Contents RISK FACTOR SUMMARY The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. This summary does not address
all of the risk that we face and should be read in conjunction with the entire Risk Factors section below beginning at “Risks Related to Our Business and Industry” within the section titled “Risk Factors.” • We have a history of net losses, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we
achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it; • Our audited financial statements include a statement that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern and a continuation of negative financial trends could result in our inability to continue as a going concern; • The commercial success of our current and future diagnostic tests and services and our revenue growth depends
upon attaining significant market acceptance among payers, providers, clinics, patients, and biopharmaceutical companies; • We may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations; • If we fail to retain sales and marketing personnel and, as we grow, fail to increase our sales and marketing
capabilities or develop broad awareness of our diagnostic tests in a cost-effective manner, we may not be able to generate revenue growth; • If we cannot maintain our current relationships, or enter into new relationships, with biopharmaceutical
companies, our revenue prospects could be reduced; • Our commercial success and revenue growth are highly dependent on the demand for, and increased adoption of, our
diagnostic tests, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainty; • We need to ensure strong product performance and reliability to maintain and grow our business; • We depend upon third-party suppliers, including single source suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply problems
and price fluctuations; • Natural or man-made disasters or other similar events may significantly
disrupt our business, and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations; • Our industry is subject to rapid change, which could make our solutions and the diagnostic tests we develop and
services we offer obsolete. If we are unable to continue to innovate and improve our diagnostic tests and services we offer, we could lose customers or market share; • Any failure to offer high-quality support for our diagnostic tests and services may adversely affect our
relationships with providers and negatively impact our reputation among patients and providers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; and • We may face additional costs, loss of revenue, significant liabilities, harm to our brand, decreased use of our
products or services and business disruption if there are any security or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access. 9 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. All of the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information contained in this prospectus. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have
a history of net losses, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. We have incurred losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We reported net losses of $52.1 million and
$65.4 million the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As a result of these losses, as of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $419.6 million. We expect that our sales and marketing, research and development, regulatory and other expenses will continue to increase as we expand our marketing efforts
for our diagnostic tests and services, expand existing relationships with our customers, obtain regulatory clearances or approvals or certifications for future enhancements to our existing diagnostic tests and services and conduct further clinical
trials. In addition, we expect our general and administrative expenses to increase due to the additional costs associated with scaling our business operations and testing capacity as well as being a public company, including due to legal,
accounting, insurance, exchange listing and compliance, investor relations and other expenses. As a result, we expect to continue to incur operating losses and may never achieve profitability. We will need to generate significant additional revenue
in order to achieve and sustain profitability. Even if we achieve profitability, we cannot be sure that we will remain profitable for any substantial period of time. If we do not achieve or sustain profitability, it will be more difficult for us to
finance our business and accomplish our strategic objectives, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we have incurred significant losses since inception and have yet to generate positive cash flows from
operations. Our ability to meet our obligations as they come due may be impacted by our ability to remain compliant with financial covenants in our Perceptive Term Loan Facility and may result in our inability to continue as a going concern. Any
such impacts could have a material and adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. Our financial statements as of and for the period ended
December 31, 2023 were prepared on the assumption that we would continue as a going concern. These financial statements did not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. As of December 31, 2023, we
maintained cash and cash equivalents of $26.3 million and we have $40.0 million in principal balance outstanding on our Perceptive Term Loan (as defined below). We have incurred significant losses since inception and, as a result, we have
funded our operations to date primarily through the sale of Common Stock in both underwritten public offerings and private placements, the issuance of notes payable, and from our two primary revenue sources: (i) diagnostic testing, which
includes lung diagnostic testing and, prior to May 11, 2023, COVID-19 testing, and (ii) providing biopharmaceutical companies with development and testing services and licensing our technology. Our
ability to meet our obligations as they come due may be impacted by our ability to remain compliant with financial covenants in the Perceptive Term Loan Facility or to obtain waivers or amendments that impact the related covenants. Based on our current operating plan, unless we continue to raise additional capital (debt or equity), we expect that we will be unable to maintain our
financial covenants under our existing loan agreement during the next twelve months, which could result in an Event of Default (as defined in the Perceptive Term Loan Facility), causing an acceleration and repayment of the outstanding balances. As a
result, our management has determined 10 Table of Contents that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern over the next twelve months from the date these financial statements were issued. Although we have taken steps
to improve our liquidity, including through raising debt and equity capital, and have also undertaken several proactive measures including, among other things, the reduction of planned capital expenditures and certain operating expenses, we do not
expect that these actions alone will be sufficient to maintain our financial covenants. In addition, if we are not able to improve our operating results, we may need to limit our operations substantially. We will need to raise additional capital in
the form of debt or equity to increase our liquidity but there is no assurance that we will be able to secure any such funding in a sufficient amount or on terms that are acceptable to us. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we
may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity
offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our existing stockholders’ rights. Furthermore, the reaction of
investors to the inclusion of a going concern statement in this report, and our potential inability to continue as a going concern, could materially adversely affec