.” Controlled company Upon completion of this offering, we will have two classes of common stock outstanding: Class A common stock and Class B
common stock. The rights of the holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion and transfer rights. Each share of our Class A common stock is entitled to one vote
per share. Each share of our Class B common stock is entitled to 40 votes per share. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock will generally vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by
law or pursuant to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that will be filed after the effectiveness of the registration statement for this offering and become effective prior to the completion of this offering. Each share of our
Class B common stock is convertible into one share of our Class A common stock at any time at the election of the holder and will convert automatically upon any transfer, except for permitted transfers, and upon the occurrence of certain
of other events described in our Amended and 20 Table of Contents Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Immediately following the completion of this offering, and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of
Class A common stock to cover over-allotments, if any, and assuming the Class B Common Stockholder does not purchase any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the directed share program the
Class B Common Stockholder will control approximately   % of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As a result, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance
standards of the NYSE, and therefore we are permitted to, and we intend to, elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. Such corporate governance requirements include those that would otherwise require our board
to establish a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, each comprised entirely of independent directors. We currently do not plan to establish a compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance
committee composed entirely of independent directors as permitted by these exemptions. In addition, the Class B Common Stockholder will have significant influence over the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
the election of our directors and the approval of any change of control transaction. These risks are more fully described in the section titled “Risk Factors.” Additional information can be found in the sections titled
“Management—Controlled Company Exception,” “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Description of Capital Stock.” Directed Share Program At our request, the underwriters have reserved up to    % of the shares of our Class A common stock offered hereby
(excluding the additional shares that the underwriters have an option to purchase), at the initial public offering price, to offer to our current employees, including management and other individuals and entities as determined by certain of our
authorized officers. The sales will be made at our direction by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and its affiliates through a directed share program. The number of shares of our Class A common stock available for sale to the general public will be
reduced to the extent these individuals purchase such reserved shares. Any reserved shares that are not so purchased will be offered by the underwriters to the general public on the same basis as the other shares offered by this prospectus. Except
for any shares acquired by our directors and officers, shares purchased pursuant to the directed share program will not be subject to lock-up agreements with the underwriters. See the section titled “Underwriting—Directed Share
Program” for additional information. Dividend policy We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends after this offering and for the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that
all of our earnings in the foreseeable future will be used for working capital, to support our operations and to finance the growth and development of our business. Any future determination relating to 21 Table of Contents dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board and will depend on a number of factors, including restrictions in our future debt instruments, our future earnings, capital
requirements, financial condition, prospects and applicable Delaware law, which provides that dividends are only payable out of surplus or current net profits. We have not adopted, and do not currently expect to adopt, a written dividend policy. See
“Dividend Policy.” Listing We have applied to list our Class A common stock on the NYSE under the symbol “BETA”. Risk factors See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 29 and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you
should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our Class A common stock. Unless
otherwise noted, the information in this prospectus: • gives effect to the   -for-1 Stock Split, occurring subsequent to the effectiveness of the registration statement of this offering, which will be effective upon filing
of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation prior to the completion of this offering; • gives effect to the IPO Recapitalization described in “Description of Capital
Stock—General”; • assumes the filing and effectiveness of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the
effectiveness of our Amended and Restated Bylaws, each of which will occur prior to the completion of this offering; • assumes an initial public offering price of $   , the midpoint of the estimated price range
set forth on the cover page of this prospectus; • assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option to
purchase   additional shares of our Class A common stock from us; • does not reflect     shares of common stock to be issued upon the vesting and settlement of
certain restricted stock issued in connection with an immaterial acquisition; and • does not reflect   shares that are reserved for future grants under our new LTIP and under
which we intend to issue     shares of common stock upon the vesting and settlement of restricted stock units to be granted upon the closing of this offering to certain of our employees. 22 Table of Contents Summary of Risk Factors There are a number of risks related to our business, this offering, ownership of our Class A common stock and our capital
structure that you should consider before you decide to participate in this offering. Some of the principal risks related to an investment in our company include the following: • Our business plan requires a significant amount of capital. We expect to require additional future funding to
support our operations and implementation of our growth plans and we may be unable to access the capital and credit markets or borrow on affordable terms. • We expect to be significantly dependent upon revenue generated from the sale of our electric aircraft, our
batteries and our core technologies, along with the utilization of our charging infrastructure, and our future success will be dependent upon the continued development of the electric and hybrid electric aviation (including VTOL) industry and our
ability to design and achieve market acceptance, adoption and utilization of these new technologies. • We may experience significant delays in the design, manufacture, certification and commercial rollout of our
aircraft. • Our limited operating history makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult and may increase
the risk of your investment. • We have incurred significant losses since inception, we expect to incur losses in the future and we may not be
able to achieve or maintain profitability. • Our long-term success and ability to significantly grow our revenue will depend, in part, on our ability to
establish and expand our presence within international markets. • The aircraft market is highly competitive. • Crashes, accidents or incidents of electric and hybrid aircraft, as well as accidents or incidents involving
battery solutions, such as lithium-ion batteries. • We are subject to many hazards and operational risks that can disrupt our business for which we may not be
able to secure adequate insurance policies at reasonable prices or at all. • We are highly dependent on the continued service and leadership of Kyle Clark, and if we are unable to retain
Mr. Clark, our ability to compete and overall performance could be harmed. • We expect to conduct a portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which are subject to
unique risks. • We may be subject to risks associated with our strategic relationships. • Our current collaboration with GE Aerospace and future strategic alliances could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. • We enter into aerospace commercial contracts, which are subject to unique risks. • We may not realize all of the sales expected from our Backlog. • We are subject to customer concentration risks. • We depend on suppliers and service partners for raw materials and certain parts and components. • We may be unable to seek, obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or to
otherwise defend our intellectual property rights from unauthorized access or use by third parties. • Third parties may claim that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property. • Interruption to, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications
systems could hurt our ability to effectively operate our business. 23 Table of Contents • We, along with our third-party service providers, vendors and suppliers, are at risk for cy