An investment in our company is highly speculative
    and involves a significant degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” and other information included in this prospectus
    for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. Reorganization Unless otherwise
        indicated, all information in this prospectus relating to the number of shares of common stock outstanding: · gives
        effect to the completion of the merger of LTN Acquisition, LLC with and into LTN Staffing, LLC, and the subsequent conversion
        of the limited liability company resulting from that merger into BG Staffing, Inc. as described in “—Conversion
        into a Delaware Corporation”; and · gives
        effect to the adoption of our Delaware certificate of incorporation, which was adopted in connection with such conversion. 4 RISK FACTORS Investing in our
common stock is highly speculative and involves a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following factors
and other information in this prospectus before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties
that we are unaware of may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial
condition, operating results (including revenues and profits) or stock price may be materially and adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our common stock may decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Company and Our
Business We operate
in a highly competitive industry with low barriers to entry, and may be unable to compete successfully against existing or new
competitors. The staffing services
market is highly competitive with limited barriers to entry. We compete in national, regional and local markets with full-service
and specialized temporary staffing companies. Some of our competitors have significantly more marketing and financial resources
than we do. Price competition in the staffing industry is intense, particularly for the provision of office clerical and light
industrial personnel. We expect that the level of competition will remain high, which could limit our ability to maintain or increase
our market share or profitability. A continuation
or worsening of the global economic downturn could result in our customers using fewer workforce solutions and services or becoming
unable to pay us for our services on a timely basis or at all, which would materially adversely affect our business. Because demand for
workforce solutions and services, particularly staffing services, is sensitive to changes in the level of economic activity, our
business may suffer during economic downturns. During periods of weak economic growth or economic contraction, the demand for
our staffing services typically declines. When demand drops, our operating profit is typically impacted unfavorably as we experience
a deleveraging of our selling and administrative expense base as expenses may not decline as quickly as revenues. In periods of
decline, we can only reduce selling and administrative expenses to a certain level without negatively impacting the long-term
potential of our branch network and brands. Additionally, during economic downturns companies may slow the rate at which they
pay their vendors, or they may become unable to pay their obligations. If our customers become unable to pay amounts owed to us,
or pay us more slowly, then our cash flow and profitability may suffer. Our business
is subject to federal and state labor and employment laws and a failure to comply could materially harm our business. Our business is subject
to federal and state labor and employment laws and regulations. The cost to comply, and any inability to comply, with such laws
and regulations could materially harm our business. Increased government regulation of the workplace or of the employer-employee
relationship, or judicial or administrative proceedings related to such regulation, could materially harm our business. The Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “Health Care Reform
Laws”) include various health-related provisions to take effect through 2014, including requiring most individuals to have
health insurance and establishing new regulations on health plans. Although the Health Care Reform Laws do not mandate that employers
offer health insurance, beginning in 2014 tax penalties will be assessed on employers (as interpreted under the “common
law” definition of employer) who do not offer health insurance that meets certain affordability or benefit requirements.
Unless modified by regulations or subsequent legislation, providing such additional health insurance benefits to our temporary
workers, or the payment of tax penalties if such coverage is not provided, will increase our costs. If we are unable to raise
the rates we charge our customers to cover these costs, such increases in costs could materially harm our business. 5 We may be exposed
to employment-related claims and losses, including class action lawsuits, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Temporary staffing
service providers typically assign personnel in the workplaces of other businesses. The risks of these activities include possible
claims relating to: · discrimination
                                                                                                                                        and
                                                                                                                                        harassment; · wrongful
                                                                                                                                        termination
                                                                                                                                        or
                                                                                                                                        denial
                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                        employment; · violations
                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                        employment
                                                                                                                                        rights
                                                                                                                                        related
                                                                                                                                        to
                                                                                                                                        employment
                                                                                                                                        screening
                                                                                                                                        or
                                                                                                                                        privacy
                                                                                                                                        issues; · classification
                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                        temporary
                                                                                                                                        workers; · assignment
                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                        illegal
                                                                                                                                        aliens; · violations
                                                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                                                        wage
                                                                                                                                        and
                                                                                                                                        hour
                                                                                                                                        requirements; · retroactive
                                                                                                                                        entitlement
                                                                                                                                        to
                                                                                                                                        temporary
                                