—Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” 156 Table of Contents The patent positions of biotechnology companies like ours are generally
uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. Third-party patents could require us to alter our development or
commercial strategies, or our products or processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or our failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights required to develop or commercialize our future products
may have a material adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the
USPTO to determine priority, or rights in, an invention. For more information, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” When available to expand market exclusivity, our strategy is to obtain or license additional intellectual property related to
current or contemplated development platforms, core elements of technology and/or clinical candidates. Government Regulation Pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by government authorities in the United States, at the federal,
state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and
regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. FDA Approval Process In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the U. S. Food and Drug
Administration (the FDA). The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FD&C Act) and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, storage,
recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to
a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as a clinical hold, FDA refusal to approve pending new drug applications (NDAs), warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or
distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Pharmaceutical product development for a new
product or certain changes to an approved product in the U.S. typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and
well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes
many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal studies to
assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product, as well as in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including
good laboratory practices for safety/toxicology studies. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a
proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective and the proposed clinical trial may
commence 30 days after receipt of the IND by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor must resolve
the issues to the FDA’s satisfaction before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 157 Table of Contents Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug
to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with good clinical practices (GCP), an international
standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in
monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if
it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical
trials must also be submitted to an institutional review board (IRB), and ethics committee for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the
IRB’s requirements, or may impose other conditions. Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are
typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions,
side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage
tolerance and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a drug demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain the additional
information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate
information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single Phase 3 trial may be sufficient in rare instances, including
(1) where the study is a large multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially
serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible or (2) when in conjunction with confirmatory evidence. The manufacturer of an investigational new drug in a Phase 2 or 3 clinical trial for a serious or life-threatening disease is
required to make available, such as by posting on its website, its policy on evaluating and responding to requests for expanded access. After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is
required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product’s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and
controls, as well as any proposed labeling. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA is substantial and includes an application user fee (unless a waiver applies) as well as an annual program fee, and the fees are typically increased annually. The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be filed based on the
agency’s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is filed, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance
goals in the review of NDAs to encourage timeliness. Applications for new molecular entity (NME) standard review drug products are reviewed within twelve months of the date of submission of the NDA to the FDA; applications for priority review NMEs
are reviewed within eight months of the date of submission of the NDA to the FDA. Priority review can be applied to drugs that the FDA determines offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. The review
process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 158 Table of Contents The FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug
products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an outside advisory committee—typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts—for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should
be approved. The FDA is not