—Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology, and Data Security and Privacy—Our failure or inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our brand and weaken our competitive position.” Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings, claims, and government investigations in the ordinary course of business. We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims arising from: our products, such as consumer claims and personal injury claims; our workforce, our technology, and business processes, such as worker classification and patent claims; and our intellectual property, such as trademarks and copyright infringement claims. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, harm to our brand and reputation, and other factors. Government Regulations In the United States and the other jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to labor and employment laws, laws governing advertising, privacy and data security, product labeling and compliance, safety regulations, and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that apply to retailers and/or the promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of our retail stores, manufacturing-related facilities and distribution centers. Our products, which are predominantly manufactured in countries other than the United States and which are sold in 35 countries across the world, may be subject to tariffs, treaties, and various trade agreements, as well as laws affecting the importation of consumer goods. We monitor changes in these laws and believe we are in material compliance with applicable laws. Seasonality Our business is affected by general seasonal trends common to the retail footwear and apparel industry, with sales peaking during the end-of-year holiday period that typically falls within our fourth quarter. In 2020 and 2019, we generated 36% and 35% of our full year net revenue in the fourth quarter, respectively. 134 Table of Contents ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE Environmental For most of shoe-wearing history, humans have used materials found in nature to protect their feet. It’s only in recent times that shoe manufacturers have turned to extractive, petroleum-based materials like plastic. In short, most shoes are made from plastic, plastic comes from oil, and fossil fuels are driving the climate crisis. According to a 2020 McKinsey and Global Fashion Agenda report, the global fashion industry accounted for approximately 4% of global greenhouse gas emissions in 2018, or 2.1 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions, or CO 2 e, and over 70% of those emissions were related to upstream activities like materials production, preparation, and processing. The 2015 Paris Agreement set the goal to limit global warming to well below 2° Celsius, preferably to 1.5° Celsius, compared to pre-industrial levels. Under its current trajectory, the fashion industry is expected to fall short of meeting the 1.5° Celsius target by 50%, according to a 2020 McKinsey and Global Fashion Agenda report. The pace of change must accelerate in order for the industry to be compatible with planetary boundaries, and Allbirds offers a blueprint for how to get there. We believe that natural, sustainability-driven innovation can be better for the environment, while also enabling us to create better products for our customers. Furthermore, we believe our industry’s ability to capture hearts and minds of consumers is a unique and essential asset in the fight against climate change. Our intention is to reverse climate change through better business. We believe that climate change is an existential threat and the number one issue facing humanity and the global economy. Solving the climate crisis will require every constituent to do their part. How we address it collectively will define the future not only for businesses but for all communities, governments, environments, and species. Climate change is a complex issue that can be summarized simply: the climate is changing because humans are releasing too many greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Our approach to addressing the climate impact of our business is scientific and data driven—we first measure, then reduce, and finally offset the entirety of our emissions. Measure Allbirds measures CO 2 e produced in making our products and running our business—because you can’t reduce what you don’t measure. The information we gather not only informs product design and development, but enables us to identify hotspots in our value chain with the highest emissions and prioritize efforts in areas we can have the most impact. We use a Life Cycle Assessment, or LCA, methodology to measure the emissions created across the lifetime of our products, including raw materials production, manufacturing, transportation, product use, and end of life. Our LCA methodology has been built in partnership with external experts, and has been third-party verified to meet ISO 14067 standards, the international standard for quantifying, monitoring, reporting, and validating greenhouse gas emissions. In 2020, we began labeling each of our products with its carbon footprint. We did this for two reasons: to hold ourselves accountable to reducing our impact over time, and to help our customers develop a sense for the climate impact of the things they buy. According to a survey we conducted of 1,300 U.S. customers in 2020, 92% of our customers trust us to deliver reliable information, tools, and advice around sustainability. We empower people to make better decisions for the planet by providing them with objective and quantitative information about the impact of the product they’re buying. Our goal is to inspire other brands to follow suit, so that one day customers can compare carbon footprints of products just like they compare nutrition labels on food. This would create a productive “race to the top” where brands compete to have the lowest carbon footprint products. In service of this future, we have published our LCA methodology, detailed methodology, and our labeling system for anyone to download and implement in their own business, and have specifically shared these resources with the 15 largest fashion brands to invite them along on our journey. Several large companies have announced commitments to label products with carbon footprints, and we’re eager for more organizations to do the same. 135 Table of Contents 136 Table of Contents 137 Table of Contents Reduce By using natural, renewable materials in place of petroleum-based synthetics and responsible manufacturing practices, Allbirds produces footwear today with approximately 30% less emissions than our estimated carbon footprint for a standard sneaker. If we assume all 24 billion pairs of shoes produced by the industry in 2019 had a 30% lower carbon footprint relative to our estimate of the carbon footprint of a standard sneaker, the industry would have saved 98 million tonnes of CO 2 e, which is equivalent to taking 21 million cars off the road in the same timeframe. In 2020 alone, we reduced the weighted average carbon footprint of our top 10 products by 8.5%, as compared to 2019. In 2021, we teamed up with adidas to create a pair of performance running shoes with a carbon footprint of 2.94kg of CO 2 e—about ¼ the carbon footprint of standard sneakers. We are able to produce lower-impact products because sustainability is a key design principle woven throughout the product development process, not an add-on at the end. At the very beginning of the product creation process, we integrate key sustainability constraints like target carbon footprint and preferred materials composition in addition to standard practices like establishing target profit margins. Our Sustainability Team is embedded within the broader Product Team, alongside Product Strategy and Merchandising, and Product Design, to ensure that sustainability is considered at every key milestone. We believe that great products must be sustainable, which does not require a compromise between looking good, feeling good, and doing good. To continue to lead the industry, and to build a business that is compatible with less than 1.5° Celsius warming, we have an ambitious plan to dramatically reduce the per unit carbon footprint for each of our products by 50% by the end of 2025 and by 95% by 2030, in each case, relative to a baseline of what our average carbon emissions would be per unit in 2025 without any further action to limit emissions. Our plan to help reverse climate change has three strategic priorities: Regenerative Agriculture, Renewable Materials, and Responsible Energy. These initiatives are underpinned by five foundational areas: Fair Labor, Water, Chemistry, Animal Welfare, and Traceability and 138 Table of Contents Transparency. These priorities have been defined through a materiality process informed by input from various stakeholder groups including employees, investors, customers, and suppliers. Within our three priorities, we have outlined 10 measurable commitments that collectively can yield a 50% reduction in the per unit carbon footprint for each of our products by the end of 2025, relative to what our average carbon emissions would be per unit in 2025 without any further action to limit emissions. Our strategy is aligned to 139 Table of Contents the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals, including affordable and clean energy, responsible consumption and production, climate action, and life on land, among others. We believe that near term goals and progress must be coupled with long term ambition. We have outlined an extension of our 2025 goals to align with the scientific community’s focus on achieving significant climate