,” on page 9 of this prospectus, before
making an investment decision. Overview of the Company We are a clinical-stage company developing innovative
drug therapies for the treatment of neurological and neurodegenerative disorders and advanced liver disease. Neurodegenerative Disease Program The Company acquired the biopharmaceutical assets
of NeurMedix, Inc. (“NeurMedix”) a privately held clinical-stage pharmaceutical company and a related party in June 2021. The
acquired assets included NE3107 or (“bezisterim”). Bezisterim, the approved generic name for NE3107 is an investigational,
novel, orally administered small molecule that is thought to inhibit inflammation-driven insulin resistance and major pathological inflammatory
cascades with a novel mechanism of action. There is emerging scientific consensus that both inflammation and insulin resistance may play
fundamental roles in the development of Alzheimer’s disease (“AD”) and Parkinson’s disease (“PD”),
and bezisterim could, if approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), represent an entirely new medical approach
to treating these devastating conditions affecting an estimated 6 million Americans suffering from AD , 1 million Americans suffering
from PD and Long COVID affects approximately 20 million adults in the US, and millions more worldwide. In neurodegenerative disease, the Company’s
drug candidate bezisterim is an orally bioavailable, Blood Brain Barrier (“BBB”)-permeable, insulin-sensitizer that is also
anti-inflammatory. In addition, it is not immunosuppressive and has a low risk of drug-drug interaction. Bezisterim inhibits activation
of inflammatory action extracellular single regulated kinase (“ERK”) and nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated
B cells (“NFκB”) (including interactions with tumor necrosis factor (“TNF”) signaling and other relevant
inflammatory pathways) that lead to neuroinflammation and insulin resistance. By binding to ERK and selectively modulating NFκB
activation and TNF-α production and not interfere with their homeostatic functions, BioVie believes that bezisterim may offer clinical
improvements in several disease indications, including PD, AD and long COVID. BioVie has conducted and reported efficacy data
on its Phase 3 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter study to evaluate bezisterim in patients who
have mild-to-moderate AD (NCT04669028). Results of a Phase 2 investigator-initiated trial (NCT05227820) showing bezisterim-treated patients
experienced improved cognition and biomarker levels were presented at the Clinical Trials on Alzheimer’s Disease (CTAD) annual conference
in December 2022. An estimated six million Americans suffer from AD. A Phase 2 study of bezisterim in PD (NCT05083260) has been completed,
and data presented at the AD/PD™ 2023 International Conference on Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Diseases and related neurological
disorders in Gothenburg, Sweden in March 2023 showed significant improvements in “morning on” symptoms and clinically meaningful
improvement in motor control in patients treated with a combination of bezisterim and levodopa vs. patients treated with levodopa alone,
and no drug-related adverse events. In long COVID, bezisterim has the potential to
reduce neurological symptoms including fatigue and cognitive dysfunction. Persistently circulating viral spike proteins are believed to
trigger TLR-4 driven activation of NFκB and the subsequent expression of inflammatory cytokines (IL-6, TNF, IFNg). A. Parkinson’s Disease (NCT05083260) Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive
neurodegenerative disease most often characterized by tremors, muscle rigidity, slowness of movement, postural instability, and difficulties
with speech. Compelling evidence implicates inflammation and insulin resistance in the initiation and progression of the disease –
likely both due to their respective roles in dopamine dysfunction in the brain and neurodegeneration. Current therapeutic approaches provide
only symptomatic relief, but do not modify disease progression. 2 PD is driven in large part by neuroinflammation
and activation of brain microglia, leading to increased proinflammatory cytokines (particularly TNF). Multiple daily administrations of
levodopa (converted to dopamine in the brain) is the current standard of care treatment for this movement disorder. However, levodopa
effectiveness diminishes over time necessitating increased dosage and prolonged daily administration leads to side effects of uncontrolled
movements called levodopa-induced dyskinesia, commonly referred to as LID, which is exacerbated by high dose levodopa. Although levodopa
provides symptomatic benefit, it does not slow PD progression. The Company designed a new Phase 2b study of bezisterim
as a potential first line therapy to treat patients with new onset PD. This trial will be evaluating the safety and efficacy of bezisterim
on motor and non-motor symptoms in patients with PD who haven’t been treated with carbidopa/levodopa. The PD Phase 2b study , multicenter,
randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial with a hybrid decentralized design will last 20 weeks from the initial screening phase
to the safety follow up. In July 2024, the Company submitted the new protocol and received a response from the FDA permitting the Company
to proceed with the study. The trial commenced in April 2025. The Phase 2 study of bezisterim for the treatment
of PD (NCT05083260) that completed in December 2022, was a double-blind, placebo-controlled, safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics
study in PD participants treated with carbidopa/levodopa and bezisterim. Forty-five patients with a defined L-dopa “off state”
were randomized 1:1 to placebo: bezisterim 20 mg twice daily for 28 days. This trial was launched with two design objectives: 1) the primary
objective was safety and a drug-drug interaction study as requested by the FDA to measure the potential for adverse interactions of bezisterim
with carbidopa/ levodopa; and 2) the secondary objective was to determine if preclinical indications of promotoric activity and apparent
enhancement of levodopa activity could be seen in humans. Both objectives were met. B. Long COVID Program About Long COVID Long COVID is a condition in which symptoms of
COVID-19, the acute respiratory disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, persist for an extended period, generally three months or more.
Common symptoms include lingering loss of smell and taste, extreme fatigue, and “brain fog,” though persistent cardiovascular
and respiratory problems, muscle weakness, and neurologic issues have also been documented. Approximately 20 million individuals in the U.S.
currently or previously have long COVID, with millions more impacted worldwide.1,2 Studies estimate that approximately 10-30% of individuals
who contract COVID-19 experience lingering symptoms for months or even years, with fatigue, brain fog, and cognitive impairment significantly
impacting daily functioning and quality of life. Despite the growing recognition of long COVID as a serious condition, treatment options
remain limited, and many patients struggle to find effective relief for their symptoms. The loss in quality of life and earnings and increased
medical costs has an enormous economic impact estimated to be $3.7 trillion. To date there are no non-pharmacological or pharmacological
therapies proven effective for treatment of long COVID In April 2024, the Company was awarded a clinical trial grant of $13.1
million from the U.S. Department of Defense (“DOD”), awarded through the Peer Reviewed Medical Research Program of the Congressionally
Directed Medical Research Programs. In August 2024, U.S. Army Medical Research and Development Command, Office of Human Research Oversight
(“OHRO”) approved the Company’s plan to evaluate bezisterim for the treatment of neurological symptoms that are associated
with long COVID. and the FDA authorized our Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application for bezisterim allowing the Company
to study a novel, anti-inflammatory approach or the treatment of the debilitating neurocognitive symptoms associated with long covid. The Phase 2 ADDRESS-LC study, which is fully funded
by a grant from the DOD, is a randomized (1:1), placebo-controlled, multicenter trial evaluating the efficacy, safety and tolerability
of bezisterim in adult participants with long COVID who have cognitive impairment sequelae and fatigue. Individuals who have been diagnosed
with long COVID and have neurocognitive dysfunction and self-reported fatigue may meet qualification criteria and can visit www.addressLC.com
to learn more. 3 The trial commenced in May 2025. As of April 2025, the Company was
reimbursed approximately $2.9 million for trial costs incurred for the nine months ended March 31, 2025. C. Alzheimer’s Disease (NCT05083260) On November 29, 2023, the Company announced the
analysis of its unblinded, topline efficacy data from its Phase 3 clinical trial (NCT04669028) of bezisterim in the treatment of mild
to moderate AD. The study had co-primary endpoints looking at cognition using the Alzheimer’s Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive
Scale (ADAS-Cog 12) and function using the Clinical Dementia Rating-Sum of Boxes (CDR-SB). Patients were randomly assigned, 1:1 versus
placebo, to receive sequentially 5 mg of bezisterim orally twice a day for 14 days, then 10 mg orally twice a day for 14 days, followed
by 26 weeks of 20 mg orally twice daily. Upon trial completion, as the Company began the
process of unblinding the trial data, the Company found significant deviation from protocol and current good clinical practices (“cGCPs”)
violations at 15 study sites (virtually all of which were from one geographic area). This highly unusual level of suspected improprieties
led the Company to exclude all patients from these sites and to refer the sites to the FDA Office of Scientific Investigations (“OSI”)
for pot