— Risks Related to Our Upstream Business and Industry — The volatility of natural gas and NGL prices due to factors beyond our control may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and our ability to make required capital expenditures, meet our debt service obligations and other financial commitments and to pay dividends on our common stock. ” Although inflation in the United States had been relatively low for many years, there was a significant increase in inflation beginning in the second half of 2021, which has continued into 2022, due to a substantial increase in the money supply, a stimulation focused fiscal policy, a significant rebound in consumer demand as COVID-19 restrictions were relaxed, the Russia-Ukraine war and worldwide supply chain disruptions resulting from the economic contraction caused by COVID-19 and lockdowns followed by a rapid recovery. Inflation rose from 5.4% in June 2021 to 7.0% in December 2021 to 8.2% in September 2022. Global, industry-wide supply chain disruptions have resulted in widespread shortages of labor, materials and services. Such shortages have resulted in our facing significant cost increases for labor, materials and 113 TABLE OF CONTENTS services. We do not expect these shortages and cost increases to reverse in the short term. Typically, as prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil increase, so do associated costs. Conversely, in a period of declining prices, associated cost declines are likely to lag and may not adjust downward in proportion to prices. We cannot predict the future inflation rate but to the extent inflation remains elevated, we may experience further cost increases in our operations, including costs for drill rigs, workover rigs, hydraulic fracturing fleets, tubulars and other well equipment, as well as increased labor costs. If we are unable to recover higher costs through higher commodity prices, our current revenue stream, estimates of future reserves, impairment assessments of natural gas and oil properties, and values of properties in purchase and sale transactions would all be significantly impacted. The recent increase to prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil have more than offset the inflationary related increases to our costs. However, we are monitoring the situation and assessing its impact on our business, including to our customers and our partners. These inflationary pressures are not expected to have a significant impact on our liquidity position when considered in isolation or when combined with the impact of rising interest rates on our variable rate debt. We expect to continue to achieve our business strategy by remaining vigilant in maintaining a disciplined financial strategy and in optimizing the value of our core business. How We Evaluate Our Business We use a variety of financial and operational metrics to assess performance of our operations, including: • Adjusted EBITDAX; ​ • Upstream Reinvestment Rate; ​ • Adjusted Free Cash Flow; ​ • Adjusted Free Cash Flow Margin; ​ • Production Volume; and ​ • Total Net Leverage Ratio. ​ Adjusted EBITDAX .   We define Adjusted EBITDAX as net income (loss) before (1) non-cash derivative gain (loss), (2) accretion of asset retirement obligation, (3) accretion of right of use liability, (4) depreciation, depletion, and amortization, (5) exploration and impairment expense, (6) (loss) gain on contingent consideration liabilities, (7) interest expense, (8) income tax benefit (expense), (9) equity-based compensation expense, (10) bargain purchase gains, (11) income from equity affiliates, (12) early settlement of derivative contracts and (13) other nonrecurring transactions. Adjusted EBITDAX is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that is used by our management and external users of our consolidated financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders, rating agencies and others to more effectively evaluate our operating performance and results of operation from period to period and against our peers. We believe Adjusted EBITDAX is a useful performance measure because it allows us to effectively evaluate our operating performance and results of operation from period to period and against our peers, without regard to our financing methods, corporate form or capital structure. See “ Prospectus Summary — Summary Historical Financial Information — Non-GAAP Financial Measures ” for a description of Adjusted EBITDAX and for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAX to net loss, its most directly comparable GAAP measure. Upstream Reinvestment Rate .   Upstream Reinvestment Rate for any period is our total cash paid for upstream capital expenditures (excluding leasehold costs and acquisitions) for such period as a percentage of Adjusted EBITDAX for the same period. We use this metric to evaluate from period to period the efficient use of our upstream capital expenditures to maintain or grow our upstream production. We target an Upstream Reinvestment Rate of 40% or less to allow for funding of strategic initiatives. In addition, we target a Maintenance Reinvestment Rate of less than 30%. Adjusted Free Cash Flow .   We define Adjusted Free Cash Flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities excluding changes in operating assets and liabilities, less total cash paid for capital expenditures and settlement of contingent consideration (excluding leasehold costs and acquisitions). Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure that is used by our management and other external users of our financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders, rating 114 TABLE OF CONTENTS agencies and others to assess our ability to internally fund our capital program, service or incur additional debt and to pay dividends. We believe Adjusted Free Cash Flow is a useful liquidity measure because it allows us and others to compare cash flow provided by operating activities across periods and to assess our ability to internally fund our capital program (including acquisitions), to reduce leverage, fund acquisitions and pay dividends to our stockholders. See “ Prospectus Summary — Summary Historical Financial Information — Non-GAAP Financial Measures ” for a description of Adjusted Free Cash Flow and for a reconciliation of Adjusted Free Cash Flow to net loss and net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, its most directly comparable GAAP measures. Adjusted Free Cash Flow Margin .   We define Adjusted Free Cash Flow Margin as the ratio of Adjusted Free Cash Flow for any period to total revenues, excluding derivative gains and losses, for such period. We use this metric to assess our liquidity relative to our revenues. Adjusted Free Cash Flow Margin illustrates the efficiency with which the Company generates Adjusted Free Cash Flow. Production Volume .   Production Volume for any period is defined as the volume of natural gas, NGLs or oil we extract from our Barnett and NEPA natural gas properties. We use this metric to monitor the efficiency and effectiveness of our upstream operations. Total Net Leverage Ratio .   Total Net Leverage Ratio is the ratio of our total debt less cash and cash equivalents to Adjusted EBITDAX. We use this metric to evaluate our total debt relative to our ability to generate cash through Adjusted EBITDAX. We target a Total Net Leverage Ratio of 1.0x or less to ensure adequate liquidity to meet debt obligations and a low debt burden to protect Adjusted Free Cash Flow. This metric also provides management with a benchmark of debt levels while considering growth opportunities and our ability to manage periods of commodity price volatility. Factors that Affect Comparability of Our Results of Operations Our historical financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented may not be comparable, either from period to period or going forward primarily for the following reasons: Acquisitions .   We intend to continue to grow our operations and financial results through strategic acquisitions like the Devon Barnett Acquisition and the Exxon Barnett Acquisition. Additionally, we may from time to time effect divestitures of certain of our non-core assets. As a result of our Devon Barnett Acquisition, the acquisition of Temple I by the BKV-BPP Power Joint Venture, as well as our recent Exxon Barnett Acquisition, our historical reserve, operating and financial data may not be comparable from period to period. For example, for the nine months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, our total revenues were approximately $519.4 million and $72.5 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, our total revenues were approximately $505.7 million and $143.3 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, our total assets were approximately $2,748.4 million and $1,585.9 million, respectively, and our total liabilities were $1,811.1 million and $973.7 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, our income from the BKV-BPP Power Joint Venture was approximately $14.5 million and zero, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, our income from the BKV-BPP Power Joint Venture was approximately $0.9 million and zero, respectively. Supply, demand, market risk and the impact on natural gas, NGLs and oil prices .   As discussed above in “— Market Outlook ,” the natural gas and oil industry historically has been cyclical with highly volatile commodity prices. Natural gas and oil prices are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil. Prices are affected by current and expected supply and demand dynamics, including the market disruptions resulting from the Russian-Ukraine war, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related erosion of demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil, U.S. supply growth driven by advances in drilling and completion technologies, an