An investment in shares of our common stock
involves risks. You should consider carefully the following
information about these risks, together with the other
information contained in this prospectus, before deciding to buy
shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of
operations, and future growth prospects could be materially and
adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of
our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of
the money you paid to buy shares of our common stock. The risks
and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we
face. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND
INDUSTRY The Industry in Which We Operate Is Dependent
upon the Homebuilding Industry, the Economy, and Other Important
Factors. The building products supply industry is highly
dependent on new home construction, which in turn is dependent
upon a number of factors, including demographic trends, interest
rates, tax policy, employment levels, consumer confidence, and
the economy generally. Unfavorable changes in demographics or a
weakening of the national economy or of any regional or local
economy in which we operate could adversely affect consumer
spending, result in decreased demand for homes, and adversely
affect our business. Production of new homes may also decline
because of shortages of qualified tradesmen, reliance on
inadequately capitalized sub-contractors, and shortages of
materials. In addition, the homebuilding industry is subject to
various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules,
and regulations concerning zoning, building design and safety,
construction, and similar matters, including regulations that
impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to
limit the number of homes that can be built within the
boundaries of a particular area. Increased regulatory
restrictions could limit demand for new homes and could
negatively affect our sales and earnings. Because we have
substantial fixed costs, relatively modest declines in our
customers’ production levels could have a significant
adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. The Building Supply Industry Is Cyclical and
Seasonal. The building products supply industry is subject
to cyclical market pressures. Prices of building products are
subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and
demand, national and international economic conditions, labor
costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation,
and trade policies, as well as from periodic delays in the
delivery of lumber and other products. For example, prices of
wood products, including lumber and panel products, are subject
to significant volatility and directly affect our sales and
earnings. Our Lumber & Lumber Sheet Goods product category
represented        % of total
sales in the year ended December 31, 2004. We have no
ability to control the timing and amount of pricing changes for
building products. In addition, the supply of building products
fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity, and a
shortage of capacity or excess capacity in the industry can
result in significant increases or declines in market prices for
those products, often within a short period of time. Such price
fluctuations can adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. In addition, although weather patterns affect our
results of operations throughout the year, adverse weather
historically has reduced construction activity in the first and
fourth quarters in our markets. To the extent that hurricanes,
severe storms, floods, or other natural disasters or similar
events occur in the markets in which we operate, our business
may be adversely affected. We anticipate that fluctuations from
period to period will continue in the future. 10 Risk factors Product Shortages, Loss of Key Suppliers, and
Our Dependence on Third-Party Suppliers and Manufacturers Could
Affect Our Financial Health. Our ability to offer a wide variety of products
to our customers is dependent upon our ability to obtain
adequate product supply from manufacturers and other suppliers.
Generally, our products are obtainable from various sources and
in sufficient quantities. However, the loss of, or a substantial
decrease in the availability of, products from our suppliers or
the loss of key supplier arrangements could adversely impact our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Although in many instances we have agreements
with our suppliers, these agreements are generally terminable by
either party on limited notice. Failure by our suppliers to
continue to supply us with products on commercially reasonable
terms, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Loss of Any of Our Significant Customers
Could Affect Our Financial Health. Our 10 largest customers generated
approximately      % of our sales in
the year ended December 31, 2004, and our largest customer
accounted for almost  % of our sales in that same period.
We cannot guarantee that we will maintain or improve our
relationships with these customers or that we will continue to
supply these customers at current levels. Production
Homebuilders and other customers may seek to purchase some of
the products that we currently sell directly from manufacturers,
or they may elect to establish their own building products
manufacturing and distribution facilities. In addition,
continued consolidation among Production Homebuilders could also
result in a loss of some of our present customers to our
competitors, and the loss of one or more of our significant
customers or a deterioration in our relations with any of them
could significantly affect our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. Furthermore, our customers are not
required to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. The
contracts into which we have entered with most of our
professional customers typically provide that we supply
particular products or services for a certain period of time
when and if ordered by the customer. Should our customers
purchase our products in significantly lower quantities than
they have in the past, such decreased purchases could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. Our Industry is Highly Fragmented and
Competitive, and Increased Competitive Pressure May Adversely
Affect Our Results. The building products supply industry is highly
fragmented and competitive. We face significant competition from
local and regional building materials chains, as well as from
privately-owned single site enterprises. Any of these
competitors may (i) foresee the course of market
development more accurately than do we, (ii) develop
products that are superior to our products, (iii) have the
ability to produce similar products at a lower cost,
(iv) develop stronger relationships with local
homebuilders, or (v) adapt more quickly to new technologies
or evolving customer requirements than do we. As a result, we
may not be able to compete successfully with them. In addition,
home center retailers, which have historically concentrated
their sales efforts on retail consumers and small contractors,
may in the future intensify their marketing efforts to
professional homebuilders. Furthermore, certain product
manufacturers sell and distribute their products directly to
Production Homebuilders, and the volume of such direct sales
could increase in the future. Additional manufacturers of
products distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute
directly to homebuilders in the future or enter into exclusive
supplier arrangements with other distributors. Finally, we may
not be able to maintain our costs at a level sufficiently low
for us to compete effectively. If we are unable to compete
effectively, our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows will be adversely affected. 11 Risk factors We Are Subject to Competitive Pricing Pressure
From Our Customers. Production Homebuilders historically have exerted
significant pressure on their outside suppliers to keep prices
low because of their increasing market share and their ability
to leverage such market share in the highly fragmented building
products supply industry. Continued consolidation among
Production Homebuilders, and changes in Production
Homebuilders’ purchasing policies or payment practices,
could result in increased pricing pressure. If we are unable to
generate sufficient cost savings in the future to offset any
price reductions, our financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected. Our Level of Indebtedness Could Adversely
Affect our Ability to Raise Additional Capital to Fund Our
Operations, Limit Our Ability to React to Changes in the Economy
or Our Industry, and Prevent Us from Meeting Our Obligations
under Our Debt Instruments. As of September 30, 2004, after giving
effect to the application of the net proceeds of this offering,
our new senior secured credit facility, our floating rate notes,
and the application of the net proceeds therefrom, our total
indebtedness would have been
$     million. See
“Capitalization” for additional information. Our substantial debt could have important
consequences for you, including: • increasing our vulnerability to general economic
    and industry conditions; • requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow
    from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and
    interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to
    use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures,
    and future business opportunities; • exposing us to the risk of increased interest
    rates because certain of our borrowings, including the floating
    rate notes and borrowings under the new senior secu