and elsewhere in this Memorandum. 2 Risks Related to Our Business LIMITED OPERATION HISTORY The Company was formed on June 5, 2014.
Prior to that time, the Company had no operations upon which an evaluation of the Company and its prospects could be based. There
can be no assurance that management of the Company will be successful in completing the Company's business development plan, devise
a marketing plan to successfully reach the companies in this field or that the Company will generate sufficient revenues to meet
its expenses or to achieve or maintain profitability. SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT ABOUT THE COMPANY’S
ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN As of December 31, 2014, the Company had a working capital deficiency
and stockholders’ deficiency of $6,947 and $6,447, respectively. During the period from June 5, 2014 (inception) to December
31, 2014, the Company reported a net loss of $8,447. The Company may require additional capital to implement its
business plan and support its operations. Currently, the Company has no established bank-financing arrangements. Therefore, depending
on the revenue growth rate, the Company may need to seek additional financing through a future private offering of its equity or
debt securities, or through strategic partnerships and other arrangements with corporate partners. The Company believes it will
be successful in these efforts; however, there can be no assurance the Company will meet its internal revenue forecasts or, if
necessary, be successful in raising additional debt or equity financing to fund its operations on terms agreeable to the Company.
These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company were unable to continue as a going concern. The Company presently
has enough cash on hand to sustain its operations until June 2015. The Company anticipates the receipt of funding within such period,
but there can be no assurance that it will occur. If the Company is unable to meet its internal revenue forecasts or obtain additional
financing on a timely basis, the Company may have to delay vendor payments and/or initiate cost reductions, which would have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations, and ultimately the Company
could be forced to discontinue its operations, liquidate, and/or seek reorganization under the U.S. bankruptcy code. ADVERSE EFFECT TO YOUR INTEREST UPON
ADDITIONAL FINANCING If we raise additional capital subsequent
to this Offering through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our company held by
existing shareholders will be reduced and those shareholders may experience significant dilution.  In addition, we may also
have to issue securities that may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our Common Stock. In the event we seek to raise
additional capital through the issuance of debt or its equivalents, this will result in increased interest expense. LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN MANAGING AND
OPERATING A PUBLIC COMPANY Our current management has limited experience
managing and operating a public company and relies in many instances on the professional experience and advice of third parties
including its attorneys and accountants. Failure to adequately comply with laws, rules, or regulations applicable to our business
may result in fines or regulatory action, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial
condition and could result in delays in the development of an active and liquid trading market for our stock. SIGNIGFICANT COSTS TO BE A PUBLIC
COMPANY We may incur significant costs associated
with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including
requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect
all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some
activities more time consuming and costly. We also expect that these applicable rules and regulations may make it more difficult
and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits
and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are currently
evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these newly applicable rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount
of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. In addition, we may not be able to absorb these costs of being a
public company which will negatively affect our business operations. Based on our management’s reasonable estimates, we anticipate
that our cost of being a public company, including legal, audit costs, printing, filing fees and other costs will be between $15,000
and $30,000 per year. 3 SIGNIFICANT ADVERSE IMPACT TO OUR
CAPITAL RESERVE OF ANY LIABLE UNINSURABLE CLAIM Although we are in the process of obtaining
the necessary Director and Officer liability insurance, we do not have any insurance to cover potential risks and general liabilities,
including, but not limited to, injuries or economic losses arising out of or relating to our omission or errors in providing our
services. Even if we decide to obtain insurance coverage in the future, it is possible that: (1) we may not be able to get enough
insurance to meet our needs; (2) we may have to pay very high premiums for the additional coverage; (3) we may not be able to acquire
any insurance for certain types of business risk; or (4) we may have gaps in coverage for certain risks. We may be exposed to potential
uninsured claims for which we could have to expend significant amounts of capital. Consequently, if we were found liable for a
significant uninsured claim in the future, we may be forced to expend a significant amount of our capital to resolve the uninsured
claim. COMPLETE CONTROL OVER THE COMPANY Our majority shareholder, Balance Holdings,
LLC, which our Chairman of the Board, Michael D. Farkas has investing and dispositive power of, beneficially own approximately
58.82% of our common stock. Mr. Farkas also has investing and dispositive power of Shilo Holding Group LLC, which own approximately
36.44% of our common stock. Therefore, Mr. Farkas is able to exercise control over all matters requiring shareholder approval,
including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions,
and he also has significant control over our management and policies. The directors elected thereof will be able to significantly
influence decisions affecting our capital structure. This control may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control
or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in
their best interest. WE ARE AN “EMERGING GROWTH
COMPANY,” AND ANY DECISION ON OUR PART TO COMPLY ONLY WITH CERTAIN REDUCED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO “EMERGING
GROWTH COMPANIES” COULD MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK LESS ATTRACTIVE TO INVESTORS. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an “emerging growth company,” we expect and fully
intend to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to “emerging
growth companies,” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an “emerging growth company”
for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues
exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million
as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, or (iii) the date on which we have issued
more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. We have elected to rely on these exemptions
and reduced disclosure requirements applicable to “emerging growth companies” and expect to continue to do so. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section
7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth
company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.  We
have not elected to opt in to the extended transition period for complying with the revised accounting standards. 4 DEPENDENCE ON KEY PERSONNEL We will be dependent on services from our
management team, including Chairman of the Board, Michael D. Farkas, President, CEO and CFO Raphael Perez and Secretary Carmen
Villegas. The loss of our officers could have a material adverse effect on the operations and prospects of the Company. Our management
is expected to handle all marketing and sales efforts and manage the opera