Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Financial Information,” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that
event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our
Business and Operations We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and we do not expect to grow at these historical rates in
future periods. We have grown rapidly over the last several years, and therefore our recent revenue growth rate and financial performance
should not be considered indicative of our future performance. In 2019 and 2020, our revenue was $50.7 million and $96.0 million, respectively, representing a 90% year-over-year growth rate. We expect our revenue growth rate to decline in
future periods. We believe that growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to price our products and services effectively so that we are able to attract and retain customers without compromising our profitability,
attract new customers, increase our existing customers’ use of our solutions, provide our customers with excellent support, and successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products, or technology that we believe could complement
or expand our solutions. You should not rely on our revenue or key business metrics for any previous quarterly or annual period as any indication
of our revenue, revenue growth, key business metrics, or key business metrics growth in future periods. In particular, our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in prior periods. We expect our revenue growth rate to continue to fluctuate over the short
term and decline in the long term. Our revenue growth rate may decline in future periods as the size of our business grows and as we achieve higher market adoption rates. Our revenue growth may slow or revenue may decline for a number of other
possible reasons, including reduced demand for our products and services, insufficient growth in the number of financial services firms that utilize our products and services or the lack of expansion of products and services within our existing
customer base, transaction volume and mix, particularly with our significant customers, increased competition, a decrease in the growth or reduction in size of our overall market or if we fail for any reason to capitalize on growth opportunities,
general economic conditions, and the maturation of our business, among others. We also expect to continue to make investments in the development and expansion of our business, which may not result in increased revenue or growth. If our revenue
growth rate declines, investors’ perceptions of our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. We have a history of net losses, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses in each period since our inception in 2012, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We
incurred a net loss of $74.6 million and $27.1 million in 2020 and the three months ended March 31, 2021, respectively, and as of December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $272.9 million and $299.9
million, respectively. We expect our costs will increase over time and our losses to continue as we expect to invest significant 22 Table of Contents additional funds towards growing our business and operating as a public company. We have expended and expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on product
development, including investments in our product, engineering, and design teams and the development of new products and new functionality for our existing products and our platform; our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture,
management tools, scalability, availability, performance, and security, as well as disaster recovery measures; our sales, marketing, and customer success organizations; acquisitions or strategic investments; and general administration, including
legal and accounting expenses. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses
could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flows on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations could be adversely affected. If we fail to retain our existing customers or to acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner,
or if our customers fail to maintain their utilization of our products and services, our revenue may decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our ability to continue our growth in the future will depend in part on our success in maintaining successful relationships with our customers. If any of
our customers were to suspend, limit, or cease their operations or otherwise terminate their relationships with us, the number of transactions enabled through our platform could decrease and our revenue and revenue growth rates could be adversely
affected. In addition, having a diversified mix of customers is important to mitigate risk associated with changing consumer spending behavior, economic conditions, and other factors that may affect a particular type of financial services firm or
industry. While we expect that the revenue from our largest customers will decrease over time as a percentage of our total revenue as we generate more revenue from other customers, we also believe that revenue from our largest customers may continue
to account for a significant portion of our revenue, at least in the near term. If we are not able to retain our existing customers or acquire new
customers in a cost-effective manner, or if our customers fail to maintain their utilization of our products and services, we will not be able to continue to grow our business. Our ability to retain and grow our relationships with our customers
depends on the willingness of customers to partner with us. The attractiveness of our platform to customers depends upon, among other things: our brand and reputation, the amount of fees that we charge, our ability to sustain our value proposition
to our customers, products and services offered by competitors, and our ability to perform under, and maintain, our customer agreements. Many of our customers do not have long-term contractual financial commitments to us and, therefore, many of our
customers may reduce or cease their use of our products and services at any time without penalty or termination charges. Additionally, a subset of our customers can generally terminate their agreements with us without cause with limited requirements
to provide prior notice. Our customers could decide to stop working with us and cease processing transactions through our platform or enter into exclusive or more favorable relationships with our competitors. Further, any downturn in the financial
services industry may cause our customers to reduce their spending on lending technology or to seek to terminate or renegotiate their agreements with us. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions with us after the expiration of
the initial or current subscription term, and our customers, if they choose to renew at all, may renew on pricing or other contract terms that are less favorable to us or otherwise ask to modify their agreement terms in a manner that is cost
prohibitive to us. Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction with our pricing or our products or their ability to continue their operations or spending levels. In
addition, our customers’ regulators may require that they terminate or otherwise limit their business with us, or impose regulatory pressure limiting their ability to do business with us. If any of our customers were to stop working with us,
suspend, limit, or cease their operations, do not renew their 23 Table of Contents subscriptions with us on similar pricing terms, or otherwise terminate their relationships with us, the number of loans and other transactions enabled through our platform could decrease and our
revenue and revenue growth rates could be adversely affected. Additionally, as the markets for our cloud-based banking software continue to
develop, we may be unable to attract new customers based on the same pricing models that we have used historically. Large or influential financial services firms may demand more favorable pricing or other contract terms from us. As a result, we may
in the future be required to change our pricing model, reduce our prices, or accept other unfavorable contract terms, any of which could adversely affect our revenue and revenue growth rate. We could in the future have disagreements or disputes with any of our customers, which could negatively impact or threaten our relationship with them.
In our agreements with customers, we make certain representations and warr