” section. Our business is substantially dependent on mid-market organizations, which may be more vulnerable to market
fluctuations and other economic factors, and their vulnerability to such factors could negatively impact our business. If we are
unable to successfully market and sell our cloud services to mid-market organizations, our ability to grow our revenue and achieve profitability will be harmed. We expect it will be more difficult and
expensive to attract and retain mid-market organization customers than other customers because mid-market organizations are more frequently forced to curtail or cease
operations due to the sale or failure of their business; can be more difficult to identify and may require more expensive, targeted sales campaigns; and generally have lesser amounts of data to store than larger organizations, thus requiring us to
successfully sell to and support more mid-market organizations for meaningful revenue impact. In addition, mid-market organizations frequently have limited budgets and
are more likely to be significantly affected by economic downturns than larger, more established companies. As a result, mid-market organizations may choose to spend funds on items other than our cloud
services, particularly during difficult economic times. If we do not achieve continued success among mid-market organizations, our business, operating results, and future growth would be adversely affected. We are dependent on a small number of service offerings, and any reduced market adoption of these offerings would result in lower revenue and harm
our business. As a pure-play cloud vendor, we are dependent on a small number of offerings focused on cloud storage and computer
backup, and a limited number of corresponding use cases. Our B2 Cloud Storage and Computer 27 Table of Contents Backup offerings have accounted for substantially all of our total revenue to date and we anticipate that they will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. As a result, our revenue could be
reduced as a result of any general or industry decline in demand for cloud-based storage solutions, particularly given that we would not have meaningful revenue from other market segments to offset any temporary or longer-term downturn in demand for
cloud-based storage solutions. Adverse economic conditions may adversely impact our revenue and profitability. Our operations and financial performance depend in part on worldwide economic conditions and the impact these conditions have on levels of
spending on cloud storage solutions. Our business depends on the overall demand for these products and on the economic health and general willingness of our current and prospective customers to purchase our cloud services. Some of our paying
customers may view use of cloud storage services as a discretionary purchase and may reduce their discretionary spending on our cloud services during an economic downturn. Weak economic conditions, whether due to COVID-19 or other factors, could cause a reduction in spending on products and solutions storage, which could reduce sales, lengthen sales cycles, increase customer churn, and lower demand for our cloud
services, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our ability to maintain customer
adoption and satisfaction depends in part on the ease of use of our cloud services, and any such failure could have an adverse effect on our business. Our success in retaining existing customers and obtaining new customers is dependent in part on the ease of use of our cloud services. If our
platform and cloud services, including new service offerings and features as they become available, become more complicated and less easy-to-use, customers could
experience increased difficulties or disruption with storing or accessing their data, and we may lose existing customers or experience increased challenges obtaining new customers or existing customers may not choose to use additional features of
our cloud services. In addition, our customers sometimes depend on our technical support services to resolve issues relating to our platform. If we do not succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing
education related to our platform, our reputation and business may be harmed. Future acquisitions and investments could disrupt our business and
harm our financial condition and operating results. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to grow our business in
response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may choose to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses and technologies rather than through internal development. The
identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may be unable to successfully complete proposed acquisitions. The risks we face in connection with acquisitions include: • diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration
challenges; • coordination of research and development, operational, and sales and marketing functions; • retention of key employees from the acquired company; • cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization; • integration of the acquired company’s accounting, management information, human resources, and other
administrative systems; 28 Table of Contents • the need to implement or improve controls, procedures, and policies at a business that prior to the acquisition
may have lacked effective controls, procedures, and policies; • liability for activities of the acquired company prior to our acquisition of them, including intellectual
property infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities; • unanticipated write-offs or charges; and • litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees,
customers, former stockholders, or other third parties. Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of
our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, incremental operating expenses, or the write-off of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition or
operating results. We may require additional capital to support our operations or the growth of our business, and we cannot be certain that this
capital will be available on reasonable terms when required, or at all. We may need additional financing to operate or grow our
business. Our ability to obtain additional financing, if and when required, will depend on investor and lender demand, our operating performance, the condition of the capital markets, and other factors. For example, we often use capital leases to
finance the equipment we use to provide our cloud-based services. Without additional access to this kind of capital on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we may not be able to respond to increased demand for our cloud services on a timely or
cost-effective basis. We cannot guarantee that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked, or debt securities, those securities
may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights of our Class A common stock, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we
require it, our ability to continue to support the operation or growth of our business could be significantly impaired and our operating results may be harmed. We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to
emerging growth companies could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth
company, and for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to “emerging growth companies,”
including: not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes Oxley Act), reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies.
We have elected to avail ourselves of this accommodation allowing for delayed adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the completion of this offering or until we reach certain thresholds. Investors may find our Class A common stock less attractive due
to our election to rely on these exemptions and there may be a less active trading market for our Class A common stock and the market price of our Class A common stock may be more volatile. 29 Table of Contents We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our results
of operations. All of our sales contracts are currently denominated in U.S. dollars and therefore, our revenue is not directly
subject to foreign currency risk. How