” section. 25 Table of Contents If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment and/or retention of patients in clinical trials,
our regulatory submissions or receipt of necessary marketing approvals could be delayed or prevented. We may not be able to initiate or continue
our planned clinical trials on a timely basis or at all for our product candidates if we are unable to recruit and enroll a sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these trials through completion of such trials as required by the
FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Patient enrollment is a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials. Our ability to enroll eligible patients may be limited or may result in slower enrollment than we anticipate. Our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition
reduces the number and types of patients available to us, as some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Because the number of qualified clinical
investigators and clinical trial sites is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials
at such clinical trial sites. In addition, there may be limited patient pools from which to draw for clinical studies. In addition to the rarity of some diseases, the eligibility criteria of our clinical trials will further limit the pool of
available study participants as we will require that patients have specific characteristics that we can measure or to assure their disease is either severe enough or not too advanced to include them in a study. Patient enrollment for our planned or
any future clinical trials may be affected by other factors, including: • size and nature of the patient population; • severity of the disease under investigation; • availability and efficacy of approved drugs for the disease under investigation; • patient eligibility criteria for the trial in question as defined in the protocol; • perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under study; • clinicians’ and patients’ perceptions as to the potential advantages of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies,
including any new products that may be approved or future product candidates being investigated for the indications we are investigating; • clinicians’ willingness to screen their patients for biomarkers to indicate which patients may be eligible for enrollment in our clinical trials; • delays in or temporary suspension of the enrollment of patients in our planned clinical trials due to the COVID-19 pandemic; • ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; • patient referral practices of physicians; • the ability to monitor patients adequately during and after treatment; • proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients; and • the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion, including as a result of contracting COVID-19 or other health conditions or being forced to quarantine, or, because they may be late-stage cancer patients, will not survive the full terms of the clinical trials. These factors may make it difficult for us to enroll enough patients to complete our clinical trials in a timely and cost-effective manner. Our inability to enroll
a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials would result in 26 Table of Contents significant delays or may require us to abandon one or more clinical trials altogether. Enrollment delays in our clinical trials may result in increased development costs for our product
candidates and jeopardize our ability to obtain marketing approval for the sale of our product candidates. Furthermore, even if we are able to enroll a sufficient number of patients for our clinical trials, we may have difficulty maintaining
participation in our clinical trials through the treatment and any follow-up periods. The market
opportunities for our product candidates may be relatively small as it will be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and our estimates of the prevalence of our target patient populations may be inaccurate. Cancer therapies are sometimes characterized as first line, second line, or third line, and the FDA customarily approves new therapies only for
a second line or later lines of use. When cancer is detected early enough, first line therapy is sometimes adequate to cure the cancer or prolong life without a cure. Whenever first line therapies, usually chemotherapy, antibody drugs,
tumor-targeted small molecules, hormone therapy, radiation therapy, surgery or a combination of these, proves unsuccessful, second line therapy may be administered. Second line therapies often consist of more chemotherapy, radiation, antibody drugs,
tumor-targeted small molecules or a combination of these. Third line therapies can include chemotherapy, antibody drugs and small molecule tumor-targeted therapies, more invasive forms of surgery and new technologies. We expect to initially seek
approval of our product candidates in second or later lines of therapy. Subsequently, depending on the nature of the clinical data and experience with any approved products or product candidates, if any, we may pursue approval as an earlier line
therapy and potentially as a first line therapy. But there is no guarantee that our product candidates, even if approved as a second or subsequent line of therapy, would be approved for an earlier line of therapy, and, prior to any such approvals,
we may have to conduct additional clinical trials. The incidence and prevalence for target patient populations of BMF-219 are based on estimates and third-party sources. If the market opportunities for BMF-219, or any future product candidate we may develop, if and when approved,
are smaller than we estimate or if any approval that we obtain is based on a narrower definition of the patient population, our revenue and ability to achieve profitability might be materially and adversely affected. Periodically, we make estimates regarding the incidence and prevalence of target patient populations for particular diseases based on various third-party sources
and internally generated analysis and use such estimates in making decisions regarding our drug development strategy, including acquiring or in-licensing product candidates and determining indications on which
to focus in nonclinical or clinical trials. The incidence and prevalence for target patient populations of BMF-219 are based on estimates and third-party sources. These estimates may be inaccurate or based on imprecise data. For example, the total addressable market opportunity will depend on, among other things,
acceptance of our drugs by the medical community and patient access, drug pricing and reimbursement. The number of patients in the addressable markets may turn out to be lower than expected, patients may not be otherwise amenable to treatment with
our drugs, or new patients may become increasingly difficult to identify or gain access to. If the market opportunities for BMF-219, or any future product candidate we may develop, if and when approved, are
smaller than we estimate or if any approval that we obtain is based on a narrower definition of the patient population, our revenue and ability to achieve profitability might be materially and adversely affected. We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by the rapid evolution of technologies and understanding of disease etiology,
intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. We believe that our approach, strategy, scientific capabilities, know-how and experience provide us with 27 Table of Contents competitive advantages. In addition, we believe we are currently the only company in the United States developing irreversible binders specifically against menin. More broadly, we define
ourselves as targeted oncology drug developers focused on irreversible drugs and as such expect substantial competition from multiple sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and existing or emerging biotechnology
companies, academic research institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions worldwide. Many of our competitors, either alone or through collaborations, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise
in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These companies may be or may become interested
in discovery and development of irreversible binders that may compete with us against menin or related targets at scale and in an integrated way. Even if they do not advance programs with the same mechanism of action as ours, these companies could
develop products or product candidates that are competitive with ours or that have a superior product profile, and may do so at a rapid pace. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management
personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient enrollment in clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. As a result, our competitors may discover, develop, license or
commercialize products before o