—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property” for additional information regarding these and other risks related to our intellectual property portfolio and their
potential effect on us. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries and jurisdictions,
including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval
monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug and biological products, such as our investigational medicines and any future investigational medicines. Generally, before a new drug or biologic can be marketed, considerable data
demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. Regulatory Approval in the United States In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The FDCA, and other federal and
state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and
import and export of pharmaceutical products. Biological products used for the prevention, treatment or cure of a disease or condition of a human being are subject to regulation under the FDCA, except the section of the FDCA that governs the
approval of new drug applications, NDAs. Biological products, such as our Boltbody ISAC product candidates, are approved for marketing under provisions of the Public Health Service Act. the PHSA, via a BLA. However, the application process and 119 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements requirements for approval of BLAs are very similar to those for NDAs, and biologics are associated with similar approval risks and costs as drugs. Failure to comply with applicable U.S.
requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as clinical hold, FDA refusal to approve pending NDAs or BLAs, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension
of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Our investigational
medicines and any future investigational medicines must be approved by the FDA pursuant to a BLA before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The process generally involves the following: • completion of extensive preclinical laboratory and animal studies in accordance with applicable regulations,
including studies conducted in accordance with GLP requirements; • submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an IRB or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each clinical trial may
be commenced; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND
regulations, GCP requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; • submission to the FDA of a BLA; • payment of any user fees for FDA review of the BLA; • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to accept the filing for review; • satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of
the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biologic, or components thereof, will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biologic’s
identity, strength, quality and purity; • satisfactory completion of any potential FDA audits of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in
support of the BLA to assure compliance with GCPs and integrity of the clinical data; • FDA review and approval of the BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee; and • compliance with any post-approval requirements, including REMS, where applicable, and post-approval studies
required by the FDA as a condition of approval. The preclinical and clinical testing and approval
process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. Preclinical Studies Before testing any biological product candidates in humans, the product candidate must undergo rigorous preclinical testing.
Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The
conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information,
analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and
must become effective 120 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements before human clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA,
unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical
trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical Trials The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers
or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance
with GCPs, an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing, among other things, the
objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated in the trial. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as
part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized
and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public
registries. Information about certain clinical trials, including clinical trial results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information related to the product, patient population,
phase of investigation, clinical trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Disclosure of the results of these clinical trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up
to two years after the date of completion of the trial. A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the
United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of a BLA. The
FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical trial not conducted under an IND if the clinical trial was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if
deemed necessary. Clinical trials are generally conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase
3: • Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients
who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability, safety of the
product candidate, and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. • Phase 2 clinical trials generally involve studies in disease-affected patients to evaluate proof of concept
and/or determine the dosing regimen(s) for subsequent investigations. At the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified, and a preliminary
evaluation of efficacy is conducted. • Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to
provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product la