See
    “Risk Factors” beginning on page 11 of this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider
    before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. (1) The number of shares
    of our Class A common stock outstanding excludes : ● 1,842,761 shares
    of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of options granted under the BOXL 2014 Stock Incentive Plan (the “Plan”)
    of which 1,803,357 were exercisable as of March 31, 2020, and 109,859 additional shares are reserved for issuance thereunder.
    In addition, 3,700,000 shares of Class A common stock have been reserved for issuance under the Plan by our Board and will
    be voted upon by our shareholders at our next annual meeting, expected to occur in July 2020; and ● 347,188 shares of
    Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants with exercise prices ranging from $0.43 to $4.76 per share. 10 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks and other
information included in this prospectus before you decide whether to buy our Class A common stock. The following risks may adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. As a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could
decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. COVID-19
Risks Circumstances
related to the ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic are increasingly unpredictable and could adversely affect our business operations and
the market for our products. War,
terrorism and other acts of violence or natural or man-made disasters, including a global pandemic, may affect the markets in
which the Company operates, the Company’s customers, the Company’s delivery of products and customer service, and
could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial conditions. The
Company’s business may be adversely affected by instability, disruption or destruction in a geographic region in which it
operates, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest, and natural or man-made disasters,
including famine, food, fire, earthquake, storm or pandemic events and spread of disease (including the recent outbreak of the
coronavirus commonly referred to as “COVID-19”). Such events may cause customers to suspend their decisions on using
the Company’s products and services, make it impossible to attend or sponsor trade shows or other conferences in which our
products and services are presented to customers and potential customers, cause restrictions, postponements and cancellations
of events that attract large crowds and public gatherings such as trade shows at which we have historically presented our products,
and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles that could interfere with purchases
of goods or services, commitments to develop new products. These events also pose significant risks to the Company’s personnel
and to physical facilities, transportation and operations, which could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial
results. Education
markets in the U.S., and around the world, are being negatively affected by COVID-19, as state and local governments are finding
themselves increasingly short on funding, which could result in a significantly depressed market for our products. The
U.S. has experienced a substantial economic downturn, with unemployment reaching numbers not seen since the Great Depression.
While this present economic downturn occurred as a direct result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and the resulting shelter-in-place
guidelines set in place by state and local governments, we do not yet know how severe or long lasting the present economic downturn
will be. At present, the budgets of many state and local governments, including budgets for local schools and school districts
to whom we market our products, are likely to be severely impacted as funds that may have been earmarked for educational resources
are moved to cover budget shortfalls to meet the increased healthcare costs and those of first responders. Governmental authorities
have taken significant measures to provide economic assistance to individual households and businesses, stabilize the markets,
and support economic growth. The success of these measures is unknown, and they may not be sufficient to fully mitigate the negative
impact of the pandemic or its affect on the market for our goods and services. Risks
Related to Our Business, Operations and Financial Condition We
have incurred losses for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, For
the years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, we had consolidated comprehensive loss of $9,333,683 and $7,236,454,
respectively. In addition, for the three months ended March 31, 2020, we incurred an additional consolidated comprehensive loss
of $2,053,050. There can be no assurance that our losses will not continue in the future, even if our revenues and expenditures
for the products and solutions we sell and distribute increase. In addition, as of December 31, 2019, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of $31,346,431 and net working capital of $(7,285,224), These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. 11 We
require substantial funds to expand our business. In
order to fill our existing backlog of orders and bid on new contracts from school districts, we will require significant funds
to purchase additional inventories and pay our accounts payable to our vendors, as well as to build our marketing and sales staff.
Unless we are able to obtain sufficient net proceeds from this offering or from one or more lenders or other private sources,
we would be unable to expand our business and could default in payment of many of our obligations. There can be no assurance that
such financing will be available or that we will be able to sell any or all of the shares of Class A Common Stock in this offering.
Even if we are successful in obtaining alternative debt or equity financing unrelated to this offering, it is likely that the
terms thereof will not be as attractive to us as the sale of the Class A common stock offered hereby. In such event, to the extent
that such financing is at purchase prices, conversion prices or exercise prices that are lower than the offering price of the
shares sold in our public offering, the equity interests of all of our stockholders could be substantially diluted. We
may not be able to manage our acquisition strategy effectively. Our
growth strategy includes acquiring assets and technologies or companies that have services, products, technologies, industry specializations
or geographic coverage that extend or complement our existing business. The process to undertake a potential acquisition is time-consuming
and costly. We expect to expend significant resources to undertake business, financial and legal due diligence on potential acquisition
targets, and there is no guarantee that we will complete any acquisition that we pursue. The
process of integrating any acquired business may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and is itself risky.
The acquisitions to be completed upon consummation of this offering and any future acquisitions will be subject to a number of
challenges, including: ● diversion of management
    time and resources as well as a shift of focus from operating the businesses to issues related to integration and administration,
    which could result in the potential disruption of our ongoing business; ● the need to integrate
    each company’s accounting, management, information, human resources and other administrative systems to permit effective
    management, and the lack of control if such integration is delayed or not implemented; ● the need to implement
    controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to acquisition had lacked
    such controls, procedures and policies; ● difficulties in
    maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; ● difficulties in
    managing operations in widely disparate time zones; ● potential unknown
    liabilities associated with acquired businesses, including liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition,
    including violations of laws, rules and regulations, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities; ● difficulty retaining
    key alliances on attractive terms with partners and suppliers; ● declining employee
    morale and retention issues resulting from changes in compensation, or changes in management, reporting relationships, future
    prospects or the direction or culture of the business; ● in the case of foreign
    acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic,
    currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; ● in some cases, the
    need to transition operations, end-users, and customers onto our existing platforms; and ● difficulties in
    evaluating potential acquisition targets as a result of the inability to accurately predict the duration or long-term economic
    and business consequences resulting from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. 12 Failure
to manage expansion effectively may affect our success in executing our business plan and may adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operation. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of any or all of our acquisitions, or may not
realize them in the time frame expected. Future acquisitions or mergers may require us to issue additional equity securities,
spend our cash, or incur debt, and amortization expenses related to intangible assets or write-offs of goodwill, any of which
could adverse