: Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties as described under “Risk Factors,” the other information contained in this prospectus and our financial statements and the related notes before you decide whether to invest in our common stock. Summary Financial Information The following financial information summarizes the more complete historical financial information at the end of this prospectus. As of October 31, 2012 (unaudited) Balance Sheet Total Assets $ 12,459 Total Liabilities $ 160 Stockholders' Equity $ 13,770 Period from May 17, 2011 (date of inception) to October 31, 2012 (unaudited) Income Statement Revenue $ 0 Total Expenses $ 5,696 Net Loss $ (5,750 ) As of April 30, 2012 (audited) Balance Sheet Total Assets $ 946 Total Liabilities $ 0 Stockholders' Equity $ 2,740 8 Risk Factors An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following factors and other information in this prospectus before deciding to invest in our company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects for growth would likely suffer. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. IF WE DO NOT OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING, OUR BUSINESS WILL FAIL. While on February 5 , 2013 , we had cash on hand of $10,244.41, we have accumulated a deficit of $7,964.79 in business development and administrative expenses. We anticipate that additional funding might be needed or various expenses  including general administrative expenses and marketing costs. We have generated no revenue from operations since inception. In order t o commence our business operations, we anticipate that we will have to raise additional funding. If we are not able to raise the capital necessary to fund our business objectives, we may have to delay the implementation of our business plan. We do not currently have any arrangements for financing.  Obtaining additional funding will be subject to a number of factors, including general market conditions, investor acceptance of our business plan and initial results from our business operations.  These factors may impact the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing available to us.  The most likely source of future funds available to us is through the sale of additional shares of common stock or advances from our director. Our independent auditor has issued a going concern opinion after reviewing our financial statements; our ability to continue is dependent on our ability to raise additional capital and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain required additional funding when needed. We will be required to expend substantial amounts of working capital in order to acquire and market our proposed products and establish the necessary relationships to implement our business plan. We were incorporated on May 17, 2011. Our operations to date were funded entirely by capital raised from our private offering of securities. Notwithstanding the offering, we will continue to require additional financing to execute our business strategy.  We are totally dependent on external sources of financing for the foreseeable future, of which we have no commitments. Our failure to raise additional funds in the future will adversely affect our business operations, and may require us to suspend our operations, which in turn may result in a loss to the purchasers of our common stock. We are entirely dependent on our ability to attract and receive additional funding from either the sale of securities or outside sources such as private investment or a strategic partner. We currently have no firm agreements or arrangements with respect to any such financing and there can be no assurance that any needed funds will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient funding of our operations in the future could restrict our ability to grow and reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. After reviewing our financial statements, our independent auditor issued a going concern opinion and our ability to continue is dependent on our ability to raise additional capital. If we are unable to obtain necessary financing, we will likely be required to curtail our development plans which could cause us to become dormant. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. WE LACK AN OPERATING HISTORY AND HAVE NOT GENERATED ANY REVENUES TO DATE.  THERE IS NO ASSURANCE OUR FUTURE OPERATIONS WILL RESULT IN REVENUES. IF WE CANNOT GENERATE SUFFICIENT REVENUES TO OPERATE PROFITABLY, WE MAY HAVE TO CEASE OPERATIONS. We were incorporated in May 17, 2011 and we have business operations which can not be defined as substantial. We do not have significant operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our net loss from inception to October 31, 2012 is $5,750 of which $226 is for miscellaneous expenses, $1,938 is for studio projects expenses and depreciation expense of $432. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to earn profit by attracting enough clients who will buy our product or services. 9 We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in generating revenues and profit in the future. Failure to generate revenues and profit will cause us to suspend or cease operations. BECAUSE OUR OFFICER AND DIRECTOR HAS OTHER BUSINESS INTERESTS, HE MAY NOT BE ABLE OR WILLING TO DEVOTE A SUFFICIENT AMOUNT OF TIME TO OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS, CAUSING OUR BUSINESS TO FAIL. Mr. Lawrence intends to commit 20% to 25% of his business time to our affairs at the beginning and has agreed to devote more of his time to our business matters when it will be required – when our operations expand. Because our officer and director will only be devoting limited time to our operations, our operations may be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient to them.  As a result, operations may be periodically interrupted or suspended which could result in a lack of revenues and a possible cessation of operations. BECAUSE WE HAVE ONLY ONE OFFICER AND DIRECTOR WHO MAY HAVE NOT ENOUGH EXPERIENCE AND FORMAL TRAINING IN FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING AND MANAGENENT, OUR BUSINESS HAS A HIGH RISK OF FAILURE. We have only one officer and director.  He has no formal training in financial accounting and management; however, he is responsible for our managerial and organizational structure, which will include preparation of disclosure and accounting controls.  While Mr. Lawrence has no formal training in financial accounting matters, he has been reviewing the financial statements that have been audited and reviewed by our auditors and included in this prospectus.  When the disclosure and accounting controls referred to above are implemented, he will be responsible for the administration of them. Because he may not have sufficient experience yet, he may be incapable of creating and implementing the controls which may cause us to be subject to sanctions and fines by the SEC which ultimately could cause you to lose your investment.  However, because of the small size of our expected operations, we believe that he might be competent to monitor the business, and may be accurate in assembling and providing information to investors.  Nevertheless, Jesse Lawrence has no professional training required to run a business entity.  As a result, he may not be able to recognize and take advantage of potential acquisition and exploration opportunities in the sector without the aid of qualified consultants. Consequently our operations, earnings and ultimate financial success may suffer irreparable harm as a result. WE MAY BE EXPOSED TO POTENTIAL RISKS AND SIGNIFICANT EXPENSES RESULTING FROM THE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 404 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002. If we become registered with the SEC, we will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to include in our annual report our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We expect to incur significant continuing costs, including accounting fees and staffing costs, in order to maintain compliance with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Development of our business will necessitate ongoing changes to our internal control systems, processes and information systems. Currently, we have no employees. We do not intend to develop or manufacture any products, and consequently have no products in development, manufacturing facilities or intellectual property rights. As we develop our business, obtain regulatory approval, hire employees and consultants and seek to protect our intellectual property rights, our current design for internal control over financial reporting will not be sufficient to enable management to determine that our internal controls are effective for any period, or on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, as we develop our business, such development and growth will necessitate changes to our internal control systems, processes and information systems, all of which will require additional costs and expenses. 10 In the future, if we fail to complete the annual Section 404 evaluation in a timely manner, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence in our internal controls. In addition, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. However, as an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Se