Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” before deciding whether to invest in our Class A common stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. In such an event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a history of losses and, especially if we continue to grow at an accelerated rate, we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses each year since our inception, including net losses of $7.2 million and $8.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, we incurred net losses of $1.9 million and $2.2 million, respectively. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future, in particular, as we continue to open new stores, expand marketing channels and operations, hire additional team members and increase other general and administrative costs. Furthermore, as a public company, we will incur additional legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a result, our net losses may continue and we may not achieve profitability for the foreseeable future. In addition, the capital expenditure requirements to open a new store have increased and may continue to increase. Further, we currently expect that all of our new store openings in 2025 and beyond will have drive-thru pick-up capabilities, which require significant additional capital expenditures as stores with drive-thru pick-up capabilities are typically larger, resulting in higher real estate costs as well as incremental infrastructure and construction costs. These efforts and additional expenses may prove more expensive than we expect, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our revenue to offset such expenses. Our revenue growth may slow or our revenue may decline for a number of other reasons, including reduced demand for our products, increased competition, or if we cannot capitalize on growth opportunities. If our revenue does not grow at a greater rate than our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve profitability. Food safety and quality concerns may negatively impact our brand, business and results of operations. Incidents or reports, whether true or not, of food-borne or water-borne illness or other food safety issues, food contamination or tampering, employee hygiene and cleanliness failures, allergen cross-contamination or improper employee conduct at our stores could lead to product liability or other claims. Such incidents or reports could negatively affect our brand and reputation as well as our business, revenue and results of operations. Similar incidents or reports occurring at coffee and convenience stores unrelated to us could likewise create negative publicity, which could negatively impact consumer behavior towards us. If any guest becomes, or is under the belief that they have become, ill due to a food safety issue, we may temporarily close some stores, which would adversely impact our results of operations. Furthermore, while we require our third-party suppliers and distributors to comply with our food safety standards, we do not have control over their manufacturing and packaging processes. In addition, we also do not have control over handling procedures once our products have been shipped for distribution. We may need to recall or withdraw some or all of our products if they become damaged, contaminated, adulterated, misbranded, whether caused by us or someone in our manufacturing or supply chain. Our products may also be subject to food recalls or other regulatory warnings promulgated by the U.S. Food 35 and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) or other regulatory bodies. A recall or withdrawal could result in destruction of ingredients and inventory, negative publicity, temporary facility closings for us or our third-party suppliers and distributors, supply chain interruption, substantial costs of compliance or remediation, fines, and increased scrutiny by federal, state, and foreign regulatory agencies. Food safety issues may be caused by a variety of factors, many of which are out of our control. For example, these incidents may occur when guests or other individuals, including employees, enter our store while ill and contaminate ingredients, surfaces, or other individuals. We cannot guarantee that food and beverage items will be properly maintained throughout the supply and delivery chain. Any food safety issue arising from a distributor or supplier will likely affect multiple locations rather than a single store. The risk of food safety issues is also increased with respect to orders delivered through third-party delivery service providers, as we often have limited or no control over how the food or beverages are delivered. In addition, our stores and roasteries are subject to review and examination by local, state and federal authorities, which may result in temporary or permanent closures. Such closures may negatively impact results and damage our brand. We cannot guarantee that our internal controls and training will be fully effective in preventing all food-borne illnesses. Our future initiatives may require new or increased food safety measures, which we may not be successful in implementing. New illnesses resistant to our, or our third-party suppliers or distributors’, current precautions may develop in the future, or diseases with long incubation periods could arise, that could give rise to claims or allegations on a retroactive basis. One or more instances of food-borne illness in one of our stores could negatively affect sales at all our stores if highly publicized. This risk exists even if it were later determined that the illness was wrongly attributed to one of our stores. Additionally, even if food-borne illnesses were not identified at our stores, our revenue could be adversely affected if instances of food-borne illnesses at other coffee and beverage chains were highly publicized. Evolving consumer preferences and tastes, including public or medical opinions about caffeine and sugar consumption, or changes in consumer spending may adversely affect our business. Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain guests. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from our products, changes in attitudes regarding diet and health (including use of weight-loss or appetite-suppressing drugs), decreases in general discretionary consumer spending (including due to lack of or decreasing consumer confidence or inflation), lack of guest acceptance of new products (including due to price increases necessary to cover the costs of new products or higher input costs) or platforms (including changes to our mobile application or loyalty rewards programs or other marketing initiatives), decline in our brand perception or competitiveness in the marketplace (including due to the emergence of new competitors or expansion of our existing competitors), a reduction in individual vehicle ownership, which in turn may reduce the usefulness and convenience of our stores, or a reduction in guest demand for our current offerings as new products are introduced. We may not be successful in introducing new products included on our menu or new features to our mobile application, including in connection with the ongoing implementation of our loyalty program, which was introduced in June 2024. In addition, most of our beverages contain sugar, caffeine, dairy products, and other compounds, such as artificial coloring, the health effects of which are the subject of public and regulatory scrutiny, including the suggestion of linkages to a variety of adverse health effects. There is increasing consumer awareness of health risks that are attributed to ingredients we use, including obesity, increased blood pressure and heart rate, anxiety and insomnia, as well as increased consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food and beverage products, including those associated with caffeine and sugar. While we offer alternatives, including caffeine-free beverages and reduced sugar and sugar-free items, negative publicity, or an unfavorable report on the health effects of sugar, caffeine or other ingredients in our products or changes in public perception of these ingredients could significantly reduce the demand for our products. In addition, social media has contributed to an increase in “secret menu” style drinks that are not created or marketed by us. Such drinks can be ordered by guests, for example, by asking for specific 36 combinations of flavors or ingredients. We have no control over such trends and may not become timely aware of them. Such trends may also result in the mixture of ingredients in ways that could be perceived negatively, including with regard to health effects, and such perception could harm our business. Further, an unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine, other ingredients in energy drinks or energy drinks generally, or criticism or negative publicity regarding the caffeine content and/or any other ingredients in our Fuel energy drink or energy drinks generally, including pr