—General Risks—We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remedy our material weakness, or if we fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls, we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements, and we may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, which could adversely impact our investors’ confidence and our Class A common stock price.” We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remedy our material weakness, or if we fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls, we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements, and we may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, which could adversely impact our investors’ confidence and our Class A common stock price” for an additional description of the risks. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure of Market Risks Commodity Risks Our profitability is dependent on, among other things, our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the costs of key operating resources, including beverage, energy and other commodities. We have been able to partially offset cost increases resulting from several factors, including market conditions, shortages or interruptions in supply due to weather or other conditions beyond our control, governmental regulations and inflation, by increasing our menu prices, as well as making other operational adjustments that increase productivity. However, substantial increases in costs and expenses could impact our operating results to the extent that such increases cannot be offset by menu price increases. Labor and Benefits Costs At our company-operated shops, our starting wage has historically been the minimum wage in place for that particular state with broistas receiving tips from customers in addition to the wages. We do not, however, reduce the wages we pay to broistas to offset tips. We believe this combination of security and upside earning potential, in addition to our strong culture and focus on development, enables us to attract a higher caliber employee and this directly translates to better customer service. We have experienced minimum wage increases in several states over the past two years, including: Washington, Oregon, California, Nevada, Idaho, Colorado, and Arizona. As we consider the potential for future federal and state or local minimum wage increases, our first step is to partially offset such increases with operational efficiencies and cost reduction measures in our supply chain and elsewhere before increasing our menu prices. In the future, we may or may not be able to offset with operational efficiencies or menu price increases. As of June 30, 2021, we employed approximately 7,350 hourly workers in our shops. Interest Rate Risk We have historically been exposed to interest rate risk through fluctuations in interest rates on our debt obligations. Our Senior Secured Credit Facility carries interest at a floating rate. We seek to manage exposure to adverse interest rate changes through our normal operating and financing activities. As of June 30, 2021, we had 120 $198.8 million in aggregate outstanding principal balance under the Senior Secured Credit facility and $25.0 million of revolving loans. Impact of Inflation The primary inflation factions affecting our operations are commodity and supplies, energy costs, and materials used in the construction of company-operated shops. Our leases require us to pay taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance, and utilities, all of which are generally subject to inflationary increases. Finally, the cost of constructing our restaurants is subject to inflation, increasing the costs of labor and materials, and resulting in higher rent expense on new shops. While we have been able to partially offset inflation and other changes in the costs of core operating resources by gradually increasing menu prices, coupled with more efficient purchasing practices, productivity improvements and greater economies of scale, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. From time to time, competitive conditions could limit our menu pricing flexibility. In addition, macroeconomic conditions could make additional menu price increases imprudent. There can be no assurance that future cost increases can be offset by increased menu prices or that increased menu prices will be fully absorbed by our guests without any resulting change to their visit frequencies or purchasing patterns. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will generate same shop sales growth in an amount sufficient to offset inflationary or other cost pressures. Seasonality