Investing in our Class B common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” before deciding whether to invest in shares of our Class B common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks, or other risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently think are immaterial, actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class B common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Demand for our software solutions is subject to volatility in our accounts’ underlying businesses, which includes infrastructure projects that typically have long timelines. Our sales are based significantly on accounts’ demand for software solutions in the following infrastructure sectors: (i) public works/utilities; (ii) industrial/resources; and (iii) commercial/facilities. Although these sectors are typically countercyclical to one another in nature, each periodically experiences economic declines and may be exacerbated by other economic factors. If participants in any of these sectors reduce spending or allocate future funding in a manner that results in fewer infrastructure improvement or expansion projects, then our accounts’ underlying business may be impacted and demand for our software solutions may decrease or our rate of contract renewals may decrease. A prolonged decrease in such spending may harm our results of operations. Our accounts may request discounts or extended payment terms on new arrangements or seek to extend payment terms on existing arrangements due to lower levels of infrastructure spending or for other reasons, all of which may reduce revenue. We may not be able to adjust our operating expenses to offset such discounts or other arrangements because a substantial portion of our operating expenses is related to personnel, facilities and marketing programs. The level of personnel and related expenses may not be able to be adjusted quickly and is based, in significant part, on our expectations for future revenues and demand. Infrastructure projects typically have long timelines and we may invest in building capacity based on expected demand for our software solutions that takes longer to develop than we expect or fails to develop at all. Additionally, government spending on infrastructure may decrease, which could decrease the demand for our software solutions and have a negative impact on our results of operations. We may not be successful in forecasting future demand levels and could fail to win business at the expected rates. If we underestimate the demand for our software solutions, we may be unable to fulfill the increased demand in a timely fashion or at all. If we overestimate the demand for our software solutions, we may incur additional expenses for which we would not have corresponding revenues, negatively impacting our results of operations. The majority of our revenues and an increasing percentage of our operations are attributable to operations outside the United States, and our results of operations therefore may be materially affected by the legal, regulatory, social, political, economic, and other risks of foreign operations. Approximately 60%, 58% and 57% of our total revenues were from outside the United States in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. We anticipate that revenues from accounts outside the United States will continue to comprise a majority of our total revenues for the foreseeable future. Our international revenues, including from emerging economies, are subject to general economic and political conditions in foreign markets and our revenues are impacted by the relative geographical and country mix of our revenues over time. These factors could adversely impact our international revenues and, consequently, our business. Our dependency on international revenues also makes us more exposed to global economic and political trends, which can negatively impact our financial results. Further, our operations outside the United States are subject to certain legal, regulatory, social, political, economic and other risks inherent in international business operations, including, without limitation: • local product preference and product requirements; ​ 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS • different consumer demand dynamics, which may make the products and services we offer less successful compared to the United States; ​ • more stringent regulations relating to privacy and data security and access to, or use of, commercial and personal information, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China; ​ • data privacy laws that require that account data be stored and processed in a designated territory or that certain transfers of account data outside of the country be notified to or registered with regulatory authorities; ​ • competition from local incumbents that understand the local market and may operate more effectively; ​ • trade protection measures, sanctions, quotas, embargoes, import and export licensing requirements, duties, tariffs or surcharges; ​ • changes in foreign regulatory requirements and tax laws; ​ • unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements; ​ • difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-U.S. operations; ​ • differing labor regulations where labor laws may be more advantageous to colleagues as compared to the United States, as well as increased labor costs; ​ • political and economic instability; ​ • fluctuating currency exchange rates, currency controls and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; ​ • longer-term receivables than are typical in the United States and greater difficulty of collecting receivables in certain foreign jurisdictions; ​ • alleged or actual violations of anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, rules and regulations in the foreign jurisdictions in which we do business; ​ • restrictions on the export of critical technology, software and services; ​ • complex tax and cash management issues; ​ • potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added tax systems, restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and changes in tax rates; ​ • the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and different legal standards; ​ • longer sales and accounts receivable payment cycles in some countries; ​ • increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; ​ • terrorist attacks and security concerns in general; ​ • natural disasters and pandemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; ​ • less rigorous or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; and ​ • providing our solutions to accounts from different cultures, which may require us to adapt to sales practices, modify our solutions or products, and provide features necessary to effectively serve the local market. ​ The occurrence of any one of these risks could negatively affect our international business and, consequently, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, operating in international markets requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to operate in other countries will produce desired levels of revenue or profitability. Decreased investment by APAC, including China, may have a negative effect on our business. Approximately 19%, 20% and 19% of our revenues in the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively, relate to infrastructure projects in APAC, including 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS China. We cannot assure you that spending in these countries on infrastructure projects will continue at historical levels or increase in the future, or that demand for our software solutions in APAC in general will not be negatively affected by reductions in spending or other limitations. The sales cycle for some of our solutions can be long and unpredictable and requires considerable time and expense, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate. The sales cycle for some of our solutions, from initial contact with a potential lead to contract execution and implementation, varies widely by brand and account, and can be lengthy. Some of our accounts undertake a significant evaluation process that frequently involves not only our solution, but also solutions of our competitors, which may result in extended sales cycles. Our sales efforts involve educating our accounts and prospective accounts about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our solutions. We also put a significant amount of time into discussing with our accounts the value and importance of migrating to the latest versions of our software solutions. We have no assurance that the substantial time and money spent on our sales efforts will increase sales or cause existing accounts to migrate to the latest versions of our software solutions. Furthermore, our sales and marketing efforts in a given period may only result in sales in subsequent periods, or not at all. If we do not realize sales in the time period expected or at all, our business, financial cond