section of
this prospectus. If we and our industry continue to recover from the historic housing market downturn, we expect our sales to improve and
therefore our need for inventory and our accounts receivable to iv Table of Contents increase. This increase in working capital is expected to use some of our
current excess availability under our revolving credit facilities. While we believe that the amounts available from our revolving credit
facilities and other sources will be sufficient to fund our routine operations and capital requirements for at least the next 12 months,
we are conducting this rights offering to provide us with a stronger liquidity position and allow us to more fully participate in the improving
housing market. We believe that this stronger liquidity position will also give us an advantage over many of our competitors that have less
liquidity and less or no access to additional capital, and therefore may not be able to fully participate in the opportunities that arise in
a growing market. Assuming we sell the full amount of shares of common stock issuable in connection with the rights offering, we expect
to receive net proceeds from the rights offering of approximately $38.8 million, after paying associated expenses. The net proceeds of the rights
offering will be used to reduce the outstanding balance of our U.S. revolving credit facility. As of December 29, 2012, debt outstanding under
our revolving credit facilities was approximately $171.4 million and excess availability under these facilities was approximately $86.6
million. After giving effect to the rights offering and the application of the estimated net proceeds therefrom, debt outstanding under
our revolving credit facilities as of December 29, 2012 would have been approximately $132.6 million and excess availability would have been
approximately $125.4 million. Substantially all of our remaining indebtedness of $209.6 million as of December 29, 2012 consists of mortgage
indebtedness which is our obligation, but not an obligation of our operating subsidiary; the operating subsidiary is the counterparty to
substantially all of our trade payables and other ordinary course liabilities. In addition, such mortgage indebtedness is secured by real
property owned by us which we believe has a current fair market value in excess of the related mortgage debt. How was the $[  • ] per share subscription
price determined? We engaged Moelis & Company LLC
(“Moelis”) to act as our financial advisor in connection with the evaluation of capital raising alternatives, including the rights offering,
and to provide, among other things, advice with respect to the structure and terms of the rights offering. Our board of directors delegated full
authority with respect to the pricing and other terms of the rights offering to the members of our board of directors (the “Committee”) who
are not affiliated with, and do not have a financial interest in, Cerberus, Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. and its affiliated management companies
(collectively, “Cerberus Capital Management”). Cerberus Capital Management controls Cerberus, the entity that owns approximately 53% of our
outstanding common stock. In evaluating the subscription price, the Committee considered, among other things, (i) the current and historical trading
prices of our common stock, (ii) the price at which stockholders might be willing to participate in the rights offering, (iii) the likely cost of
capital from other sources and our ability to access such capital, and (iv) comparable precedent transactions. After several meetings of the board of
directors at which various strategic alternatives, including the rights offering, were discussed, the Committee approved the subscription price and the
other terms of the rights offering. The Committee met on several occasions separately with the Company’s legal and financial advisors without the
members of our board of directors who are affiliated with, or that have a financial interest in, Cerberus Capital Management present to discuss
potential pricing. The $[  • ]
subscription price is not intended to bear any relationship to the market value of our common stock, book value of our assets or our past operations,
cash flows, losses, financial condition, net worth, or any other established criteria used to value securities. You should not consider the
subscription price to be an indication of the fair value of the common stock to be offered in the rights offering. Am I required to exercise all of the subscription rights I
receive in the rights offering? No. You may exercise any number of your
subscription rights or you may choose not to exercise any subscription rights. If you do not exercise any subscription
rights, the number of shares of our common stock you own will not change. However, if you choose not to exercise your subscription rights, your
ownership interest in BlueLinx will be diluted by other stockholder purchases. In addition, if you do not exercise your basic subscription right in
full, you will not be entitled to participate in the over-subscription privilege. See “Risk Factors — If you do not exercise your
subscription rights, your percentage ownership in BlueLinx will be diluted.” v Table of Contents How soon must I act to exercise my subscription
rights? If you received a rights certificate
and elect to exercise any or all of your subscription rights, the subscription agent must receive your completed and signed rights certificate and
payments before the rights offering expires on [  • ], 2013, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time. If you hold your shares in the name
of a broker, dealer, custodian bank or other nominee, your nominee may establish a deadline before the expiration of the rights offering by which you
must provide it with your instructions to exercise your subscription rights. Although the Committee may, in its discretion, extend the expiration date
of the rights offering, we currently do not intend to do so. We may cancel the rights offering at any time. If the rights offering is cancelled, all
subscription payments received will be returned, without interest or penalty, as soon as practicable. Although we will make reasonable
attempts to provide this prospectus to our stockholders, the rights offering and all subscription rights will expire on the expiration date, whether or
not we have been able to locate each person entitled to subscription rights. May I transfer my subscription rights? No. The subscription rights are
non-transferable and will not be listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or market. Are we requiring a minimum overall subscription to complete
the rights offering? No. We are not requiring an overall
minimum subscription to complete the rights offering. However, the Committee reserves the right to cancel the rights offering for any reason, including
if we do not receive aggregate subscriptions that we believe will satisfy our capital plans. Are there any conditions to completing the rights
offering? No. There are no conditions to our
closing the rights offering and issuing shares of our common stock subscribed for in the rights offering. Can the rights offering be extended or
cancelled? Yes. The Committee may decide to cancel
the rights offering at any time and for any reason before the rights offering expires. If the Committee cancels the rights offering, any money received
from subscribing stockholders will be returned, without interest or penalty, as soon as practicable. We also have the right to extend the rights
offering for additional periods ending no later than [  • ], 2013 although we do not presently intend to do so. Has our board of directors made a recommendation to our
stockholders regarding the rights offering? No. Our board of directors is making no
recommendation regarding your exercise of the subscription rights. Stockholders who exercise subscription rights will incur investment risk on new
money invested. We cannot predict the price at which our shares of common stock will trade after the offering. The market price for our common stock
may decrease to an amount below the subscription price, and if you purchase shares of common stock at the subscription price, you may not be able to
sell the shares in the future at the same price or a higher price. You should make your decision based on your assessment of our business and financial
condition, our prospects for the future, the terms of the rights offering and the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this
prospectus. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of some of the risks involved in investing in our common stock. Cerberus beneficially owned
approximately 53% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date. Cerberus is controlled by Cerberus Capital Management. Three of our
seven directors are employees of or advisors of Cerberus Capital Management. You should not view the intentions of Cerberus as a recommendation or
other indication, by them or any member of our board of directors, regarding whether the exercise of the subscription rights is or is not in your best
interests. Have any stockholders indicated that they will exercise their
rights? Yes. Cerberus, our majority
stockholder, which beneficially owned approximately 53% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date, has indicated that it intends,
subject to the exercise price of the rights being set at an acceptable amount, to exercise all of the rights issued to it under the pro rata basic vi Table of Contents subscription right and to subscribe
for the maximum additional shares pursuant to the over-subscription privilege that it would be entitled to purchase. However, such indication is not
binding, and Cerberus is not legally obligated to do so. Assuming no other holders exercise their rights in this offering, and that Cerberus exercises
its basic and over-subscription privileges in ful