—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock—Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our share price to fall.” Upon the consummation of this offering, based on 60,167,521 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 29, 2019, we will have 60,438,641 shares of common stock outstanding, which includes 21,120 shares of our common stock that we expect to be sold in this offering by certain selling stockholders upon the exercise of vested options immediately prior to the closing of this offering. Of these shares, all of the shares sold in this offering, as well as shares sold in our IPO, will be freely transferable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except that any shares purchased by one of our “affiliates,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be sold only in compliance with the limitations described below. The shares of common stock held by our stockholders prior to our IPO, of which 48,807,972 were outstanding as of June 29, 2019, are “restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144. Restricted shares may be sold in the public market only if registered under the Securities Act or if they qualify for an exemption from registration, including, among others, the exemptions provided by Rules 144 and 701 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Act. As a result of the contractual 180-day and 90-day lock-up periods described below under “Lock-Up Agreements” and in “Underwriting” and the provisions of Rules 144 and 701, these shares will be available for sale in the public market as follows: • beginning October 29, 2019, which is the 181st day after the date of the prospectus for our IPO, up to 48,807,972 shares held by existing stockholders prior to our IPO (including directors and  officers, and the selling stockholders) that are not sold in this offering may be eligible for sale in the public market, of which 15,164,518 shares are held by affiliates and subject to the volume and other restrictions of Rule 144, as described below; and • the remainder of the shares of common stock not described above in this paragraph will be eligible for sale in the public market from time to time thereafter, subject in some cases to the volume and other restrictions of Rule 144, as described below. In addition,131,542 of the shares purchased in our directed share program in connection with our IPO are subject to the180-day lock-up period for our IPO and will be eligible for sale in the public market beginning October 29, 2019, subject in some cases to the volume and other restrictions of Rule 144 and to certain other limits under the Exchange Act. Lock-Up Agreements We, all of our directors and executive officers, and holders of substantially all of our capital stock outstanding immediately prior to our IPO agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, until October 28, 2019, which is the 180th day after the date of the prospectus for our IPO, we and they will not, without the prior written consent of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, dispose of or hedge any shares or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of our capital stock. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC may, in their sole discretion, release any of the securities subject to these lock-up agreements at any time. See “Underwriting—Lock-Up.” The underwriters intend to waive, with respect to the shares being sold in this offering, the restrictions under these lock-up agreements applicable to us and the selling stockholders for purposes of this offering. The remaining shares held by the selling stockholders and not sold in this offering will continue to be locked up under the IPO lock-up agreement. 144 Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, an affiliate who beneficially owns shares that were purchased from us, or any affiliate, at least six months previously, is entitled to sell, upon the expiration of the lock-up agreements described in “Underwriting,” within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of our then-outstanding shares of common stock, which will equal approximately 604,386                  shares immediately after this offering, based on the number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 29, 2019; or • the average weekly trading volume of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice of the sale with the SEC. Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions, notice requirements and the availability of current public information about us. The sale of these shares, or the perception that sales will be made, may adversely affect the price of our common stock after this offering because a great supply of shares would be, or world be perceived to be, available for sale in the public market. A person that is not an affiliate of ours at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and who has beneficially owned restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 for at least six months may sell shares subject only to the availability of current public information about us, and any such person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least one year may sell shares without restriction. We are unable to estimate the number of shares that will be sold under Rule 144 since this will depend on the market price for our common stock, the personal circumstances of the stockholder and other factors. Rule 701 In general, under Rule 701, as currently in effect, any of our employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors who purchased shares from us in connection with a compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement before the effective date of our initial public offering is entitled to resell such shares 90 days after the effective date of our initial public  offering in reliance on Rule 144, without having to comply with the holding period requirements or other restrictions contained in Rule 701. The SEC has indicated that Rule 701 will apply to typical stock options granted by an issuer before it becomes subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, along with the shares acquired upon exercise of such options, including exercises after our initial public offering. Securities issued in reliance on Rule 701 are restricted securities and, subject to the contractual lock-up restrictions described above, beginning July 30, 2019, may be sold by persons other than “affiliates,” as defined in Rule 144, subject only to the manner of sale provisions of Rule 144 and by “affiliates” under Rule 144 without compliance with its one-year minimum holding period requirement. Registration Statement on Form S-8 We filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register all of the shares of common stock subject to outstanding stock options under our 2011 Plan or reserved for future issuance under our 2018 Plan and 2018 ESPP. This registration statement covers approximately 9,776,590 shares as of June 29, 2019. Shares registered under the registration statement will generally be available for sale in the open market after October 28, 2019. See “Certain Relationships and Related-Party Transactions—Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement.” 145 Registration Rights Beginning on October 29, 2019, subject to certain exceptions and automatic extensions in certain circumstances, certain holders of shares of our common stock will be entitled to the rights described under “Description of Capital Stock—Registration Rights.” Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these shares becoming freely tradeable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon effectiveness of the registration. 146 MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS FOR NON-U.S. HOLDERS OF COMMON STOCK This section discusses certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our common stock sold pursuant to this offering to a “non-U.S. holder” (as defined below). This discussion does not provide a complete analysis of all potential tax considerations. The information provided below is based upon provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or Code, Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, administrative rulings and judicial decisions, in each case, as currently in effect. These authorities may change at any time, possibly on a retroactive basis, or the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, might interpret the existing authorities differently. In either case, the U.S. federal income tax considerations of owning or disposing of our common stock could differ from those described below. As a result, we cannot assure you that the U.S. federal income tax considerations described in this discussion will not be challenged by the IRS or will be sustained by a court if challenged by the IRS. This discussion does not address the tax considerations arising under the alternative minimum tax, the net investment income tax, the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or under U.S. federal gift and estate tax laws. In addition, this discussion does not address tax considerations applicable to an investor’s particular circumstances or to investors that may be subject to special tax rules, including, without limitation: • banks, insurance companies or other financial institutions; • partnerships or entities or arrangements treated as partnerships or other pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes (or investors in such entities); • corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; • tax-exempt or governmental organizations or tax-qualified retiremen