included in this prospectus. Components of Operating Results Research and Development Expenses Our research and development expenses include: • personnel costs, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation; • expenses incurred under agreements with consultants, third-party contract organizations that conduct research and
development activities on our behalf; • costs related to sponsored research service agreements; • costs related to production of preclinical and clinical materials, including fees paid to contract manufacturers; • laboratory and vendor expenses related to the execution of preclinical studies and planned clinical trials; • milestones and royalty expense from our Johns Hopkins University Exclusive License Agreement; • laboratory supplies and materials used for internal research and development activities; and • facilities and equipment costs. Most of our research and development expenses have been related to the preclinical and clinical development of GB-102. We have not reported program costs since inception because we have not tracked or recorded our research and development expenses on a program-by-program basis historically. We use our personnel and infrastructure resources across the breadth of our research and development activities, which are
directed toward identifying and developing product candidates. We expense all research and development costs in the periods in which they
are incurred. Costs for certain research and development activities are recognized based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks using information and data provided to us by our vendors and third-party service providers. We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research
and development activities related to developing our product candidates, including investments in manufacturing, as we advance our programs and conduct clinical trials. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory
approval is costly and time-consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when and to
what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. Because of the numerous risks
and uncertainties associated with product development, we cannot determine with certainty the duration and completion costs of the current or future preclinical studies and clinical trials or if, 76 Table of Contents when, or to what extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for our product candidates.
The duration, costs and timing of preclinical studies and clinical trials and development of our product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including: • successful completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or other
regulatory authorities; • that our product candidates are safe and effective for any of their proposed indications; • acceptance of our products, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; • effectively competing with other therapies; • maintaining a continued acceptable safety and profile of our products following approval; • obtaining and maintaining coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors; • applying for and receiving marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities for our product candidates; • scaling up our manufacturing processes and capabilities to support additional or larger clinical trials of our
product candidates and commercialization of any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval; • developing, validating and maintaining a commercially viable manufacturing process that is compliant with current
good manufacturing practices; • developing and expanding our sales, marketing and distribution capabilities and launching commercial sales of our
product candidates, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; • minimizing and managing any delay or disruption to our ongoing or planned clinical trials, and any adverse
impacts to the U.S. and global market for pharmaceutical products, as a result of the current COVID-19 pandemic; • obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity; • protecting our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; and • the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the corresponding responses of
businesses and governments. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. We
may obtain unexpected results from our preclinical studies and clinical trials. We may elect to discontinue, delay or modify clinical trials of some product candidates or focus on others. A change in the outcome of any of these factors could mean a
significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of our current and future preclinical and clinical product candidates. For example, if the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or another regulatory authority, were to
require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development, or if we experience significant delays in execution of or enrollment in any of our preclinical studies or
clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time on the completion of preclinical and clinical development. General and Administrative Expenses Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, costs related to maintenance and filing of intellectual property
and other expenses for outside professional services, including legal, human resources, audit and accounting services. Personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense. We expect our general and administrative
expenses to increase over the next several 77 Table of Contents years to support our continued research and development activities, manufacturing activities, increased costs of operating as a public company and the potential commercialization of our product
candidates. We also anticipate our general and administrative costs will increase and with respect to the hiring of additional personnel, developing commercial infrastructure, fees to outside consultants, lawyers and accountants, and increased costs
associated with being a public company such as expenses related to services associated with maintaining compliance with Nasdaq listing rules and SEC reporting requirements, insurance and investor relations costs. Interest and Other Income Our interest and other income principally reflects interest earned on our investments, including U.S. government-backed money-market funds,
corporate debt securities, commercial paper and government agency bonds. Interest and other income also includes changes in the fair value of our preferred stock tranche obligation. Results of operations for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 The following sets forth our results of operations: Six Months Ended June 30, Change 2020 2019 Amount Percent (in thousands) Operating expenses Research and development $ 10,717 $ 14,167 $ (3,450 ) (24 )% General and administrative 3,119 2,442 677 28 % Total operating expenses 13,836 16,609 (2,773 ) (17 )% Loss from operations (13,836 ) (16,609 ) 2,773 (17 )% Interest and other income 173 51 122 239 % Net loss $ (13,663 ) $ (16,558 ) $ 2,895 (17 )% Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses were comprised of: Six Months Ended June 30, Change 2020 2019 Amount Percent (in thousands) CRO, CMC, nonclinical and other services $ 6,296 $ 8,221 $ (1,925 ) (23 )% Personnel costs 2,918 2,903 15 1 % Consulting 196 384 (188 ) (49 )% Materials and supplies 393 1,618 (1,225 ) (76 )% Facility costs, travel and other 914 1,041 (127 ) (12 )% Research and development expenses $ 10,717 $ 14,167 $ (3,450 ) (24 )% As of June 30, 2020 and 2019, we had 20 and 22 employees, respectively, engaged in research and development
activities in our Baltimore, Maryland and Redwood City, California facilities. Our research and development activities consist primarily
of costs associated with the development of GB-102 for which we are conducting two U.S. Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with wet age-related macular degeneration, or wet AMD, and diabetic macular
edema, or DME. The decrease for the six months ended June 30, 2020 as compared to 2019 was primarily due to the completion of preparations ahead of the commencement of our development program for GB-102. In addition, we were not engaged in any
primary CMC manufacturing activities in the six month period ended June 30, 2020. 78 Table of Contents General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses to support our business activities were comprised of: Six Months Ended June 30, Change 2020 2019 Amount Percent (in thousands) Personnel costs $ 1,023 $ 1,098 $ (75 ) (7 )% Professional services 1,323 514 809 157 % Patent filing and portfolio costs 648 517 131 25 % Facility costs, travel and other expenses 125 313 (188 ) (60 )% General and administrative expenses $ 3,119 $ 2,442 $ 677 28 % As of June 30, 2020 and 2019, we had four and five employees, respectively, engaged in general and
administrative activities principally in our Redwood City, California facility. Professional service costs increased in the six months ended June 30, 2020 as compared to 2019 due to additional audit, tax, legal and other consulting services related
in part to our expected initial public offering. Interest and Other Income Interest and other income include interest income of $1