" for additional information about the risks associated with purchasing our
common units. Our results of operations and financial condition depend, in part, upon the following: • Our financial results are seasonal and generally better in the second and third quarters of the calendar
year. Due to the nature of our business and our customer's reliance, in part, on consumer travel and spending patterns, we experience
more demand for motor fuel during the late spring and summer months than during the fall and winter. Travel and recreational activities are typically higher in these months in the geographic areas in
which we operate, increasing the demand for motor fuel that we distribute. Therefore, our distribution volumes are typically higher in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. As a result,
our results from operations may vary from quarter to quarter. • Energy efficiency, new technology and alternative fuels could reduce demand for motor
fuels. Increased conservation and technological advances, including the development of improved gas mileage vehicles and the increased
usage of electrically powered cars have adversely affected the demand for motor fuel. Future conservation measures or technological advances in fuel efficiency might reduce demand and adversely affect
our operating results. • Historically, the majority of independent growth for wholesale motor fuels marketing has been through mergers and
acquisitions within the wholesale motor fuels and retail motor fuel marketing space. There is no certainty that we will successfully complete any acquisitions or receive the economic results we
anticipate from completed acquisitions. Consistent with our business strategy, we are continuously engaged in discussions with potential
sellers of sites. Growth in our cash flow per unit may depend on our ability to make accretive acquisitions. We may be unable to make such accretive acquisitions for a number of reasons, including the
following: (1) we are unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable purchase contracts with them; (2) we are unable to raise financing for such
acquisitions on economically acceptable terms; or (3) we are outbid by competitors or the operators of the sites exercise their rights of first refusal to acquire the sites. In addition, we may
consummate acquisitions, which at the time of consummation we believe will be accretive, but which ultimately may not be accretive. If any of these events were to occur, our future growth would be
limited. We can give no assurance that our current or future acquisition efforts will be successful or that any such acquisition will be completed on terms that are favorable to us. • Growth through acquisitions is limited by the availability of premium sites for
purchase. A key component of our growth strategy is to selectively acquire existing sites or 87 Table of Contents companies
that own existing sites at premium locations. However, the number of premium site locations in the United States is limited, and the existing owners of these properties may be unwilling to
sell some or all of their sites to us at an acceptable valuation. Furthermore, the development of new sites that we could eventually purchase is restricted by certain factors, including environmental
regulations, construction permit limitations, and high real estate property values. Therefore, our ability to identify and acquire premium sites to grow our business may become increasingly difficult. • The condition of credit markets may adversely affect our liquidity. In the recent past, world financial markets
experienced a severe reduction in the availability of credit. Although we were not negatively impacted by this condition, possible
negative impacts in the future could include a decrease in the availability of borrowings under our new credit agreement. In addition, we could experience a tightening of trade credit from our
suppliers. • New, stricter environmental laws and regulations could significantly increase our costs, which could adversely affect our
results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations regulating
product quality specifications and other environmental matters. The trend in environmental regulation is towards more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment. Our
business may be adversely affected by increased costs and liabilities resulting from such stricter laws and regulations. We try to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and
to plan accordingly to remain in compliance with changing environmental laws and regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance. However, there can be no assurances as to the timing and type
of such changes in existing laws or the promulgation of new laws or the amount of any required expenditures associated therewith. • Changes in government usage mandates and tax credits could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol, which
could negatively impact our gasoline sales. Future demand for ethanol will be largely dependent upon the economic incentives to blend
based upon the relative value of gasoline and ethanol taking into consideration the Environmental Protection Agency's, or the "EPA's," regulations on the Renewable Fuels Standard, or "RFS," program
and oxygenate blending requirements. A reduction or waiver of the RFS mandate or oxygenate blending requirements could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol, which in turn could
adversely affect our future gasoline sales. Please read, "Business—Environmental—Ethanol Market." Recent Developments In
May 2012, we entered into a master lease agreement to lease 120 sites from an affiliate of Getty Realty Corp. Of the 120 sites, 74 are located in Massachusetts, 22 are located in New
Hampshire, 15 are located in Pennsylvania and 9 are located in Maine. Of these sites, 8 are subleased to, and operated by, lessee dealers, 103 are company operated sites that will be subleased to, and
operated by, LGO following this offering and 9 currently are closed. We are evaluating alternatives to reopen or reposition these closed sites. We expect to distribute BP motor fuels to 88 sites and
are evaluating branding alternatives for the other 32 sites. The
initial term of the master lease is 15 years, and we have renewal options ranging from 20 to 25 years on these sites. The aggregate initial annual rent for the sites is
approximately $5.4 million, plus $0.02 for each gallon of motor fuel we distribute to the sites. We do not expect that the rental income we receive from sub-leasing these sites to
LGO and, to a lesser extent, certain lessee dealers will be sufficient to fully cover our annual rent obligations under the 88 Table of Contents master
lease agreement. However, we seek to generate profitability from our overall operation of these sites and, as a result, may apply a portion of the margins we earn on the wholesale distribution
of motor fuels to these sites to our rent obligations under the master lease. Within the first four years of the master lease, we have the right, upon six months prior written notice, to terminate our
lease obligations for up to 18 sites that we believe, in our sole discretion, are underperforming. For
the first three years of the master lease, we are required to make capital expenditures at these sites in an amount equal to $4.28 million, plus $0.01 for each gallon of motor
fuel we distribute to these sites during the first three years. We are, however, entitled to a rent credit equal to 50% of the capital expenditures incurred by us, net of contributions and rebates
from third parties related to the sites. The maximum rent credit is $2.14 million. The timing and amortization of these expenditures will affect our operating results. Results of Operations Evaluating Our Results of Operations The primary drivers of our operating results are the volume of motor fuel we distribute, the margin per gallon we are able to generate
on the motor fuel we distribute and the rental income we earn on the sites we own or lease. For owned or leased sites, we seek to maximize the overall profitability of our operations, balancing the
contributions to profitability of motor fuel distribution and rental income. Our omnibus agreement, under which LGC provides management, administrative and operating services for us, enables us to
manage a significant component of our operating expenses. Our management relies on financial and operational metrics designed to track the key elements that contribute to our operating performance. To
evaluate our operating performance, our management considers motor fuel volumes, margin per gallon, rental income for sites we own or lease and EBITDA. Volume and Margin per Gallon. Volume of motor fuel represents the gallons of motor fuel we distribute to a site. Margin per gallon
represents
(a) revenues from fuel sales, less costs of revenues from fuel sales, divided by (b) total gallons of motor fuels distributed. We use volumes of motor fuel we distribute to a site and
margin per gallon to assess the effectiveness of our pricing strategies, the performance of a site as compared to other sites we own or lease, and our margins as compared to the margins of sites we
seek to acquire or lease. Rental Income. We evaluate our sites' performance based, in part, on the rental income we earn from them. For leased sites, we consider
the rental
income after payment of our lease obligations for the site. We use this information to assess the effectiveness of pricing strategies for our
leases, the performance of a site as compared to other sites we own or lease, and compare rental income of sites we seek to acquire or lease. EBITDA. Our management uses EBITDA to analyze our performance. The discussion of our results of operations below includes references to,
and analysis
of, our EBITD