Investing in our securities is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “ Risk Factors ” section beginning on page 8 before deciding to invest in our securities. 7 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a great
deal of risk. Careful consideration should be made of the following factors as well as other information included in this prospectus before
deciding to purchase our securities. We have also identified a number of these factors under the heading “Risk Factors” in
our periodic reports we file with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “Annual
Report”), which section is incorporated by reference herein. There are many risks that affect our business and results of operations,
some of which are beyond our control. Our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed by any of these
risks. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks
that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also affect our business and results of operations. Risks related to this offering The issuance of our Common Stock to the
selling stockholder may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of Common Stock acquired by the selling stockholder, or the perception
that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our Common Stock to decrease. The shares of our Common Stock issuable upon conversions
of the Convertible Note and the sale of such shares may cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decrease. Further, we are not restricted from issuing additional
securities in the future, including our common stock, securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the
right to receive, our Common Stock or substantially similar securities. To the extent that we raise additional funds through the sale
of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities will result in dilution to our stockholders. We may require additional financing to sustain
our operations, without which we may not be able to continue operations, and the terms of subsequent financings may adversely impact our
stockholders. We may receive an additional $3,750,000 gross
proceeds from the issuances of further Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $4,091,207 pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The extent we rely on the selling stockholder
as a source of funding will depend on a number of factors, including the prevailing market price of our Common Stock and the extent to
which we are able to secure financing from other sources. If obtaining sufficient financing from the selling stockholder were to prove
unavailable or prohibitively dilutive, we may need to secure another source of funding in order to satisfy our financing needs. Even if
we issue further Convertible Notes equal to $4,091,207 (for gross proceeds of $3,750,000) pursuant to the Purchase Agreement to the selling
stockholder, we may still need additional capital to finance our future working capital needs, and we may have to raise funds through
the issuance of equity or debt securities. Depending on the type and the terms of any financing we pursue, stockholders’ rights
and the value of their investment in our Common Stock could be reduced. A financing could involve one or more types of securities including
Common Stock, preferred stock, convertible debt or warrants to acquire Common Stock. These securities could be issued at or below the
then prevailing market price for our Common Stock. In addition, if we issue secured debt securities, the holders of the debt would have
a claim to our assets that would be prior to the rights of stockholders until the debt is paid. Interest on these debt securities would
increase costs and negatively impact operating results. If the issuance of new securities results in diminished rights to holders of our
Common Stock, the market price of our Common Stock could be negatively impacted. Should the financing we require to sustain our
financing needs be unavailable or prohibitively expensive when we require it, the consequences could be a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 8 Management will have broad discretion as
to the use of the proceeds from our sale of Common Stock to the selling stockholder under the Purchase Agreement, and such uses may
not improve our financial condition or market value. We currently intend to use the proceeds from
any issuance of Convertible Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement for general corporate purposes, including working capital.
Our management will have broad discretion in the application of such proceeds, including for any of the purposes described in “