and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included or incorporated by reference herein or therein, before deciding to buy shares of our common stock. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this prospectus to “Eleven,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Eleven Biotherapeutics, Inc. and our subsidiaries. Company Overview We are a biologics oncology company focused primarily on designing, engineering and developing targeted protein therapeutics, or TPTs. Our TPTs are single protein therapeutics composed of targeting moieties genetically fused via linker domains to cytotoxic protein payloads that are produced through our proprietary recombinant one-step manufacturing process. We target tumor cell surface antigens that allow for rapid internalization into the targeted cancer cell and have limited expression on normal cells. We have designed our TPTs to overcome the fundamental efficacy and safety challenges inherent in existing antibody drug conjugates, or ADCs, where a payload is chemically attached to a targeting antibody. Our most advanced product candidate is Vicinium TM , which is a locally-administered TPT. In a completed Phase 2 clinical trial, of the 45 evaluable subjects treated with Vicinium, 40% achieved a complete response or no evidence of disease at three months while 16% remained disease-free for at least 18 months. In the third quarter of 2015, we, through our subsidiary, Viventia Bio Inc., or Viventia, commenced in the United States and Canada a Phase 3 clinical trial of Vicinium for the treatment of subjects with high-grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer, or NMIBC. We anticipate complete enrollment in this clinical trial in the first quarter of 2018 with topline three-month data in mid-2018 and topline twelve-month data in the second quarter of 2019. In June 2017, we entered into a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement, or CRADA, with the National Cancer Institute, or NCI, for the development of Vicinium in combination with AstraZeneca’s immune checkpoint inhibitor, durvalumab, for the treatment of NMIBC. Under the terms of the CRADA, the NCI will conduct a Phase 1 clinical trial in subjects with high-grade NMIBC to evaluate the safety, efficacy and biological correlates of Vicinium in combination with durvalumab. Our second most advanced product candidate is Proxinium TM , a locally-administered TPT intended for the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck, or SCCHN. In our two Phase 1 clinical trials, 53% of evaluable subjects treated with Proxinium demonstrated antitumor activity with epithelial cell adhesion molecule, or EpCAM-expressing tumors as assessed by investigator’s clinical measurements, the investigator’s overall assessment including qualitative changes, and assessment of available radiologic data. In addition, three out of the four subjects with complete responses of injected tumors had regression or complete resolution of adjacent non injected lesions. In a Phase 2 clinical trial, we observed tumor shrinkage in 10 of the 14 evaluable subjects (71.4%). We intend to initiate a Phase 1/2a clinical trial that will explore the potential of Proxinium in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor for the treatment of SCCHN. In addition to our locally-administered TPTs, our pipeline also includes systemically-administered TPTs in development. Our systemically-administered TPTs are built around our proprietary de-immunized variant of the plant-derived cytotoxin bouganin, or deBouganin. Our lead systemically-administered product candidate, VB6-845d, is being developed for the treatment of multiple types of EpCAM, positive solid tumors. VB6-845d is administered by intravenous infusion. A Phase 1 clinical trial conducted with VB6-845, the prior version of VB6-845d, revealed no clinically relevant immune response to the deBouganin payload. We plan on submitting an Investigational New Drug application, or IND, with VB6-845d. We have deferred further development of Proxinium and VB6-845d in order to focus our efforts and our resources on our ongoing development of Vicinium.  We are also exploring collaboration agreements for Vicinium, Proxinium and VB6-845d. We maintain global development, marketing and commercialization rights for all of our TPT-based product candidates. Upon regulatory approval for our product candidates, we will explore various commercialization strategies to market our products. If we obtain regulatory approval for Vicinium in high-grade NMIBC, we may build a North American specialty urology sales force to market the product or seek commercialization partners. If we obtain regulatory approval for our other product candidates, including Proxinium, we may seek partners with oncology expertise in order to maximize the commercial value of each asset or a portfolio of assets. We also own or exclusively license worldwide intellectual property rights for all of our TPT-based product candidates, covering our key patents with protection ranging from 2018 to 2036. On June 10, 2016, we entered into a License Agreement, or the License Agreement, with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., or collectively, Roche, pursuant to which we licensed our monoclonal antibody EBI-031 and all other IL-6 antagonist antibody technology owned by us. Under the License Agreement, Roche is required to continue developing EBI-031 at its cost. At the time of the License Agreement, EBI-031, which was derived using our previous AMP-Rx platform, was in pre-clinical development as an intravitreal injection for diabetic macular edema and uveitis. We have received $30.0 million in payments from Roche pursuant to the License Agreement, including a $7.5 million upfront payment and a $22.5 million milestone payment as a result of the IND application for EBI-031 becoming effective.  We are also entitled to receive an additional $240.0 million upon the achievement of other specified regulatory, development and commercial milestones, as well as royalties based on net sales of potential future products containing EBI-031 or any other potential future products containing other IL-6 compounds. 1 We also previously invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our product candidate isunakinra (EBI-005) for the treatment of subjects with dry eye disease and allergic conjunctivitis. Based on negative results from our completed Phase 3 clinical trials in dry eye disease and allergic conjunctivitis, we do not plan to pursue further development of isunakinra. Risks Associated with Our Business Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed more fully in the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus immediately following this prospectus summary and in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2017, which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus. These risks include the following: •  We have incurred significant losses since our inception, which we anticipate will continue for the foreseeable future. As of June 30, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of $136.7 million. •  We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. •  Our business is highly dependent on the success of Vicinium, our lead product candidate. •  We may encounter difficulties enrolling or retaining subjects in our clinical trials. •  Clinical product development involves uncertain outcomes, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. •  We may not be able to submit INDs, commence clinical trials or report data on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, may not permit us to proceed. •  If our product candidates fail to demonstrate quality, safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. •  The net proceeds from this offering will not be sufficient to commercialize any of our product candidates and we will need to obtain additional funding for commercialization. Failure to obtain additional funding when needed, and on satisfactory terms, may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. •  There is substantial doubt relating to our ability to continue as a going concern as determined by management and as reflected in the report of our independent registered public accounting firm. We will need to raise substantial additional capital to fund our operations. •   We may record impairment charges, which would adversely impact our financial position and results of operation. •   We have relied and expect to rely on third parties to conduct aspects of our research and development and clinical trials. If they terminate our arrangements, fail to meet deadlines or perform in an unsatisfactory manner, our business could be harmed. •  The potential commercial success of any current or future product candidate will depend upon the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. Our Corporate Information We were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware on February 25, 2008 under the name NewCo LS14, Inc. We subsequently changed our name to DeNovo Therapeutics, Inc. in September 2008 and again to Eleven Biotherapeutics, Inc. in February 2010. Our principal executive offices are located at 245 First Street, Suite 1800, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142, and our telephone number is (617) 444-8550. Our website address is www.elevenbio.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this prospectus. We have included our website address in