on Crescent’s Operations Uncertainty in the global economy presents significant risks to our business. We are subject to continuing risks and uncertainties in connection with the current macroeconomic environment, including increases in inflation, fluctuating interest rates, new or increased tariffs and other barriers to trade, changes to fiscal and monetary policy or government budget dynamics (particularly in the pharmaceutical and biotech areas), including as a result of the current government shutdown, bank failures, geopolitical factors, including the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in the Middle East and the responses thereto, and supply chain disruptions. While we are closely monitoring the impact of the current macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions on all aspects of our business, including the impacts on participants in any future clinical trials and our employees, suppliers, vendors, and business partners and our future access to capital, the ultimate extent of the impact on our business remains highly uncertain and will depend on future developments and factors that continue to evolve. Most of these developments and factors are outside our control and could exist for an extended period of time. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the potential impacts to our business, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. For additional information, see “Risk Factors” elsewhere in this prospectus. Components of Results of Operations Revenue To date, we have not generated revenue from any sources, including product sales, and do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products in the foreseeable future. If our development efforts for our product candidates are successful and result in regulatory approval, we may generate revenue in the future from product sales or payments from future collaboration or license agreements that we may enter into with third parties, or any combination thereof. We cannot predict if, when, or to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates. We may never succeed in obtaining regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. Operating Expenses Our operating expenses consist of (i) research and development expenses and (ii) general and administrative expenses. Research and Development Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the research and development of our programs. These expenses include: • costs of funding research performed by third parties, including Paragon, that conduct research and development activities on our behalf and services rendered under the related Paragon Option and License Agreements for CR-001, CR-002 and CR-003; • expenses incurred in connection with continuing our current research programs and discovery-phase development of any programs we may identify, including under future agreements with third parties, such as consultants and contractors; and • personnel-related expenses, including recruiting costs, salaries, bonuses, benefits, and equity-based compensation expense. We expense research and development costs as incurred. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, we recognized $6.2 million and $19.2 million, respectively, of research and development expenses in 64 connection with services provided by Paragon Therapeutics, Inc. (“Paragon”) under the Antibody Discovery and Option Agreement, dated September 19, 2024 (the “the “Antibody Paragon Option Agreement”), and the Amended and Restated ADC Discovery and Option Agreement, dated April 28, 2025 (the “ADC Paragon Option Agreement” and together with the Antibody Paragon Option Agreement, the “Paragon Option Agreements”) and under the License Agreement with Paragon, dated April 28, 2025, for all antibodies discovered, generated, identified, or characterized by Paragon in the course of performing the CR-001 research program directed to PD-1 and VEGF, antibodies created by the Company derived from the licensed antibodies and directed to PD-1 and VEGF, and products that comprise the foregoing (the “CR-001 License Agreement”) in our condensed consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. See “ Contractual Obligations and Commitments ” below for further details on our research plans. We expect our research and development expenses will increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we continue to invest in research and development activities related to the continued development of our programs, developing any future programs, including investments in manufacturing, as we advance any program we may identify and continue to conduct clinical trials. The success of programs we may identify and develop will depend on many factors, including the following: • timely and successful completion of preclinical studies; • submission and maintenance of IND or comparable foreign applications that allow commencement of our planned clinical trials or future clinical trials for any programs we may develop; • successful enrollment and completion of clinical trials; • positive results from our future clinical trials that support a finding of safety, purity, potency and/or effectiveness, acceptable pharmacokinetics profile, and an acceptable risk-benefit profile in the intended populations; • receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; • establishment of arrangements through our own facilities or with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply and, where applicable, commercial manufacturing capabilities; and • maintenance of a continued acceptable safety, tolerability, and efficacy profile of any programs we may develop following approval. General and Administrative General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including recruiting costs, salaries, bonuses, benefits, and equity-based compensation, for individuals in our executive, finance, legal, operations, business development, and other administrative functions. Other significant general and administrative expenses include legal fees relating to corporate matters and patent-related activities, insurance costs, information technology, and professional and consulting fees associated with accounting, audit, tax, and investor and public relations. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we increase our headcount and further establish our office space to support our expected growth. We also expect to incur increased expenses as a public company, including increased costs of accounting, audit, legal, regulatory and tax related services associated with maintaining compliance with SEC requirements, additional director and officer insurance costs, and investor and public relations costs. We also expect to incur additional intellectual property-related expenses as we file patent applications to protect innovations arising from our research and development activities. Other Income (Expense) Other income (expense) includes interest income of $1.3 million and $1.8 million earned for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025, respectively, relating to our money market account and interest expense of $2.2 65 million incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2025, relating to our previously outstanding convertible notes with an initial principal amount of $37.5 million (“Convertible Notes”) issued to various investors in October 2024, which converted to common stock (now, ordinary shares) and pre-funded warrants upon the close of the Merger. Income Taxes No provision for income taxes was recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025. We recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets as of the balance sheet date, as we believe it is not more likely than not that the benefit will be realized due to our cumulative losses generated to date and expectation of future losses. On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) was enacted in the U.S. The OBBBA includes significant provisions, such as the permanent extension of certain expiring provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, modifications to the international tax framework, and the restoration of favorable tax treatment for certain business tax provisions. We have evaluated the OBBBA provisions enacted during the current quarter and estimated their impact on the consolidated financial statements to be immaterial. We will continue to evaluate the full impact of these legislative changes as additional guidance becomes available. Results of Operations for the Period from September 19, 2024 (Inception) to December 31, 2024 The following table summarizes our statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the period presented (in thousands): Period from September 19, 2024 (Inception) to December 31, 2024 Operating expenses Research and development (1) $ 14,034 General and administrative (2) 3,157 Total operating expenses 17,191 Loss from operations (17,191) Other income/(expense): Interest income 176 Interest expense (3) (852) Total other expense, net (676) Net loss and comprehensive loss $ (17,867) __________________ (1) Includes related party amount of $13,185 for the period from September 19, 2024 (inception) to December 31, 2024. (2) Includes related party amount of $571 for the period from September 19, 2024 (inception) to December 31, 2024. (3) Includes related party amount of $341 for the period from September 19, 2024 (inception) to December 31, 2024. 66 Research and Development Expenses The following table summarizes our research and development expenses incurred for the period presented (in thousands): Period from September 19, 2024 (Inception) to December 31, 2024 External research and development costs by selected target: CR-001 (1) $ 10,510 CR-002 (2) 3,251 Other research and development costs: Professional fees 207 Personnel-related