that may not be incorporated in the quantitatively derived allowance estimate. Qualitative adjustments may increase or decrease the allowance estimate. F-47 Table of Contents Commercial Bancgroup, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2024 and 2023 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) Qualitative factors considered include: changes in lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards, collection, charge -off and recovery practices; national, regional and local economic and business conditions and developments that affect the collectability of the portfolio, including the condition of various market segments; nature and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans; experience, depth and ability of lending management; volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of non -accrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified or graded loans; quality of loan review system; underlying collateral values; concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; and the effect of other external factors such as competition, legal and regulatory requirements. Allowance for Credit Losses on Off-Balance Sheet Credit Exposures: The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period in which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The allowance for credit losses on off -balance sheet credit exposures is adjusted through credit loss expense. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. Collateral-Dependent Loans: Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. For Collateral -dependent loans where the Company has determined that foreclosure of the collateral is probable, or where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the Company expects repayment of the loan to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, the ACL is measured based on the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost basis of the loan as of the measurement date. When repayment is expected to be from the operation of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the loan exceeds the present value of expected cash flows from the operation of the collateral. The Company may, in the alternative, measure the expected credit loss as the amount by which the amortized cost basis of the loan exceeds the estimated fair value of the collateral. When repayment is expected to be from the sale of the collateral, expected credit losses are calculated as the amount by which the amortized costs basis of the loan exceeds the fair value of the underlying collateral less estimated cost to sell. The ACL may be zero if the fair value of the collateral at the measurement date exceeds the amortized cost basis of the loan. Charge-Offs and Recoveries: Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the collection of a loan’s principal is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries are credited to the allowance. If the loan is Collateral -dependent , the loss is more easily identified and is charged -off when it is identified, usually based upon receipt of an appraisal. However, when a loan has guarantor support, and the guarantor demonstrates willingness and capacity to support the debt, the Company may carry the estimated loss as a reserve against the loan while collection efforts with the guarantor are pursued. If, after collection efforts with the guarantor are complete, the deficiency is still considered uncollectible, the loss is charged -off and any further collections are treated as recoveries. Loan commitments and financial instruments: Financial instruments include off -balance sheet credit instruments, such as commitments to make loans and commercial letters of credit issued to meet customer financing needs. The Company’s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for off -balance sheet loan commitments is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded. F-48 Table of Contents Commercial Bancgroup, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2024 and 2023 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) The Company records an allowance for credit losses on off -balance sheet credit exposures, unless the commitments to extend credit are unconditionally cancelable through a charge to provision for unfunded commitments in the Company’s statements of income. The ACL on off -balance sheet credit exposures is estimated by loan segment at each balance sheet date under the current expected credit loss model using the same methodologies as portfolio loans, taking into consideration the likelihood that funding will occur as well as any third -party guarantees and is included in other liabilities on the Company’s balance sheets. Premises and equipment: Depreciable assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is charged to expense using the straight -line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and depreciated using the straight -line method over the terms of the respective leases or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter. Expected terms include lease option periods to the extent that the exercise of such options is reasonably assured. The estimated useful lives for each major depreciable classification of premises and equipment are as follows: Buildings and improvements 35 – 40 years Leasehold improvements 5 – 10 years Furniture and Fixtures 7 years Software 3 – 5 years Equipment 3 – 5 years Leases: Leases are classified as operating or finance leases at the lease commencement date. The Company leases certain locations and equipment. The Company records leases on the balance sheet in the form of a lease liability for the present value of future minimum payments under the lease terms and a right -of -use asset equal to the lease liability adjusted for items such as deferred or prepaid rent, lease incentives, and any impairment of the right -of -use asset. The discount rate used in determining the lease liability is based upon incremental borrowing rates the Company could obtain for similar loans as of the date of commencement or renewal. The Company does not record leases on the consolidated balance sheets that are classified as short term (less than one year). At lease inception, the Company determines the lease term by considering the minimum lease term and all optional renewal periods that the Company is reasonably certain to renew. The lease term is also used to calculate straight -line rent expense. The depreciable life of leasehold improvements is limited by the estimated lease term, including renewals if they are reasonably certain to be renewed. The Company’s leases do not contain residual value guarantees or material variable lease payments that will impact the Company’s ability to pay dividends or cause the Company to incur additional expenses. Operating lease expense consists of a single lease cost allocated over the remaining lease term on a straight -line basis, variable lease payments not included in the lease liability, and any impairment of the right -of -use asset. Rent expense and variable lease expense are included in other operating expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. The Company’s variable lease expense includes rent escalators that are based on market conditions and include items such as common area maintenance, utilities, parking, property taxes, insurance and other costs associated with the lease. The Company has elected to treat property leases that include both lease and non -lease components as a single component and account for it as a lease. F-49 Table of Contents Commercial Bancgroup, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2024 and 2023 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (cont.) Long-lived asset impairment: The Company evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of long -lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. If a long -lived asset is tested for recoverability and the undiscounted estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the asset cost is adjusted to fair value and an impairment loss is recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long -lived asset exceeds its fair value. No asset impairment was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Restricted stock: Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) stock are required investments for institutions that are members of the FRB and FHLB systems. The required investment in the common stock is based on a predetermined formula, carried at cost and evaluated for impairment. Foreclosed assets held for sale: Assets acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value less cost to sell at the date of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Costs incurred subsequent to acquisition relating to development and improvement of the property are capitalized up to fair value less cost to sell. Revenue and expenses from operations and changes in the valuation allowance are included in net income or expense from foreclosed asset