— Operational Risks — Our reliance on estimates and risk management activities may not always prevent or mitigate risks effectively, leading to potential differences between actual results
and our forecasts.” We have experience providing deposit services to several different types of political organizations, including: • Campaign committees • Party committees (national, state, and local); • Corporate and trade association PACs; • Super PACs and Hybrid PACs; • Non-committee 527 organizations; • Leadership PACs; • Joint fundraising committees; and • Presidential inaugural committees. 9 Table of Contents In addition to political organizations, we also provide deposit accounts to a variety of
businesses that support the campaigns and elections industry. These businesses include vendors involved in advertising, television advertisement buying, digital marketing, public opinion polling, opposition research firms, general consulting,
fundraising, and services related to treasury, legal, and compliance matters. Many of our relationship officers are experienced in
servicing political organization clients. They offer personalized service and tailored solutions for account management, image cash letters, remote deposit capture, payment processing and treasury management. Certain aspects of our deposits fluctuate seasonally. Most of this seasonality comes from commercial depositors, primarily political
organizations and their vendors that generate and spend funds around federal election cycles. Federal elections in the United States occur every two years in the fourth quarter, on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November. Primary
elections for federal offices, determined by the state and political parties, typically occur in the first, second, or third quarter of the year. Historically, our total deposits have gradually increased in quarters leading up to a federal election,
followed by a decline around the election. Deposit growth tends to be stronger leading up to presidential elections, which occur every four years, compared to biennial midterm elections. Accordingly, federal election cycles significantly influence our deposit levels. Certain types of accounts, such as political party committee
accounts, maintain funds throughout the election cycle. Other types of accounts, such as campaign committee accounts, are often established for a single campaign cycle and exhibit greater seasonality. In order to mitigate seasonality risk, we aim to
maintain a relatively high level of cash reserve deposits at the Federal Reserve. As of June 30, 2024, the Bank had increased deposit
levels ahead of the November 2024 presidential election, consistent with patterns observed in previous election cycles. As a result of the 2024 presidential election, we expect deposit outflows during the third and fourth quarters of 2024, with the
possibility of some outflows extending into early 2025. The precise amount and timing of such outflows remain uncertain and may differ from historical cycles. 10 Table of Contents The following graph illustrates the seasonality of the Company’s deposits from
June 30, 2014 through June 30, 2024. Total Deposit Seasonality (dollars in billions) As demonstrated above, leading up to the November 2020 presidential election, our deposits increased from
$0.5 billion as of December 31, 2018 to $1.0 billion as of September 30, 2020, and then decreased to $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2020. Similarly, leading up to the November 2022 midterm elections, our deposits increased to $1.3 billion as of
September 30, 2022 before decreasing to $1.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. Federal election cycles also impact revenue-generating
activities, such as wire transfers, payments, check processing, debit card usage, and treasury management services, which also increase during this period until the end of the election cycle. Additionally, deposits from trade associations may
exhibit seasonality. These associations typically bill their members annually for dues and spend the funds down over the course of the year. 11 Table of Contents Loan Portfolio and Credit Quality As of June 30, 2024, the Bank’s non-owner occupied CRE represented 32.1% of the Bank’s total
risk-based capital compared to the regulatory guidance threshold of 300% for CRE concentration limits. Additionally, the Bank’s acquisition, development, and construction (“ADC”) loans were 4.3% of our total risk-based capital,
compared to the regulatory guidance threshold of 100%. The following chart shows the Bank’s CRE and ADC loans, each as a percentage of the Bank’s total risk-based capital from December 31, 2019 through June 30, 2024: Our lending policies are designed to limit credit risk by evaluating borrower creditworthiness with a focus on
equity, collateral, personal guarantees and capacity to service debt. This strategy has historically helped mitigate credit risk. The Company’s allowance for credit losses on loans as a percentage of gross loans was 1.42% at June 30, 2024. As
of June 30, 2024, we have reported no non-performing loans since June 2012. The Company has not incurred any loan charge-offs since the third quarter of 2017 and has incurred a cumulative $265 thousand of
net loan charge-offs in its history. The charts below show the ratio of the Company’s net loan charge-offs to average loans and the ratio of the Company’s allowance for credit losses on loans to gross loans for the years ended
December 31, 2019 to 2023 and the six months ended June 30, 2024: Note: Ratios for the six months ended June 30, 2024 are presented on an annualized basis. 12 Table of Contents Profitability and Stockholder Returns Our profits are largely a function of the size of our deposits, the gross rate of return earned from investing those deposits, and our costs.
Our strategy focuses on increasing our transaction accounts, enhancing the return on our investments, and reducing costs, while mitigating risk and maintaining liquidity, asset quality, and capital strength. We believe we have developed an efficient
operating platform by leveraging technology and providing personal service. Rising interest rates since March 2022 have positively impacted our net interest margin. Over the twelve months ended June 30, 2024, the Company earned net income of
$15.9 million, or $591 per share. Our branch-less strategy contributes to lower expense levels. For the six months ended June
30, 2024 (annualized), our non-interest expense as a percentage of average assets was 1.98%, and our efficiency ratio was 49.68% on an annualized basis. The Company’s net interest margin, return on
average assets, return on average risk-weighted assets, and return on average equity have increased during recent periods, as illustrated in the charts below. Note: Ratios for the six months ended June 30, 2024 are presented on an annualized basis. As of June 2024, the Bank is experiencing increased deposit levels ahead of the November 2024 presidential election, consistent with patterns
observed in previous election cycles. As a result of the 2024 presidential election, we expect deposit outflows during the third and fourth quarters of 2024, with the possibility of some outflows extending into early 2025. These outflows are
expected to adversely affect our net interest margin, return on average assets, return on average risk-weighted assets, and return on average equity. The precise amount and timing of such outflows, as well as the effect of such outflows on our net
interest margin, return on average assets, return on average risk-weighted assets, and return on average equity, remain uncertain and may differ from historical cycles. 13 Table of Contents In addition, as of June 30, 2024, we placed $499.2 million in excess deposits at other
participating banks as One-Way Sell ® deposits and we earned $3.2 million in deposit placement services income for the six months ended June 30, 2024. Any decision to convert these deposits
into reciprocal deposits and bring them back onto our balance sheet will affect our interest income and reduce our deposit placement services income. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Financial Condition—Deposits” for more information on ICS ® deposits. Our Strategy We aim to build on our
established strengths while maintaining what we believe to be a conservative banking approach. Our strategy focuses on markets where we believe we can offer unique value, rather than competing in large, crowded sectors. At the core of our strategy
is expanding our market share in specialized political organization deposit services. Political organizations constitute a significant portion of our client base, and the number of political organizations has grown in recent election cycles,
according to Federal Election Commission data. We may explore expansion in related areas that align with our core strengths. We focus on
clients and business segments where our experience may offer advantages. Such segments include political organizations, customized business and residential lending, and trust and wealth management. We usually avoid highly competitive areas like
commercial real estate lending or mass-market consumer banking. Our large base of transaction account deposits assists us in managing our
earning assets. During periods of high deposits due to seasonality, we have used the ICS ® network to manage our Tier 1 leverage ratio. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Financial Condition—Deposits” for more information on ICS ® deposits. If we gain more capital to support balance sheet growth, we
plan to focus on increasing our share in our target markets. Our strategy depends on many factors, including market conditions,
regulations, and how well we execute our plans. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of these and other risks. Further, our strategy may change as circumstances shift, and we ca