—Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may
have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity or other transaction should be presented.” We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with M.
Klein and Company, any of our Strategic and Operating Partners, our sponsor, officers or directors, nor are we prohibited from doing so with a business that is affiliated with any M. Klein and Company or any of our Strategic and Operating Partners.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated (as defined in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) with M. Klein and Company, any of our Strategic and Operating
Partners, our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions,
stating that the consideration to be paid by us in such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Prior to or in connection with the
completion of our initial business combination, there may be payment by the company to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, of a finder’s fee, advisory fee, consulting fee or success fee for any services they render
in order to effectuate the completion of our initial business, which, if made prior to the completion of our initial business combination, will be paid from (i) funds held outside the trust account or (ii) permitted withdrawals. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination
with a business combination target that is affiliated (as defined in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) with our sponsor, officers or directors, or from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of
shared ownership with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of
independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, stating that the consideration to be paid by us in such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. As more fully discussed in the section of this prospectus entitled “Management—Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or
directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be 118 Table of Contents required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain
relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. See “Management—Conflicts of Interest.” Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on
Nasdaq, we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of
the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as
discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in
conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to
effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or if the post-transaction company is otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or
businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% fair market value test. There is no basis for investors in this
offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. To the extent we effect our business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of
development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly
ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document
reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular
target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to
structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and
negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not
pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. 119 Table of Contents Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial
business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several
industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single
industry. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: • subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and • cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our
business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public
company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the
combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our business combination, it is unlikely that any of them
will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will