— We
have incurred net losses and may experience future net
losses.” MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT We are exposed to market risks arising from changes in market
rates and prices, including movements in foreign currency
exchange rates and interest rates. Foreign Currency Risk We have operations in countries throughout the world. The
financial results of our international operations are measured
in their local currencies, except in the hyperinflationary
countries in which we operate. As a result, our financial
results could be affected by factors such as changes in foreign
currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in the
international markets in which we operate. We believe we
mitigate a small portion of our exposure to international
currency fluctuations with a natural hedge through borrowings in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Our international
operations reported a net loss of approximately
$7.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2005.
We estimate that a 10% change in the value of the
U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies would change our
net income for the six months ended June 30, 2005 by
approximately $1.0 million. This analysis does not consider the implication such currency
fluctuations could have on the overall economic activity that
could exist in such an environment in the United States or the
foreign countries or on the results of operations of these
foreign entities. Interest Rate Risk We had approximately $1.7 billion total debt outstanding as
of June 30, 2005, of which $53.7 million was variable
rate debt. Based on the amount of our floating-rate debt as of
June 30, 2005, each 200 basis point increase or
decrease in interest rates would increase or decrease our annual
interest expense and cash outlay by approximately
$1.1 million. This potential increase or decrease is based
on the simplified assumption that 57 Table of Contents the level of floating-rate debt remains constant with an
immediate across-the-board increase or decrease as of
June 30, 2005 with no subsequent change in rates for the
remainder of the period. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In March 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or
FASB, issued Interpretation No. 47, Accounting for
Conditional Asset Retirement Obligations , or FIN 47.
FIN 47 is an interpretation of FASB Statement 143, Asset Retirement Obligations , which was issued in June
2001. According to FIN 47, uncertainty about the timing or
method of settlement because they are conditional on a future
event that may or may not be within the control of the entity
should be factored into the measurement of the asset retirement
obligation when sufficient information exists. FIN 47 also
clarifies when an entity would have sufficient information to
reasonably estimate the fair value of an asset retirement
obligation. FIN 47 is effective no later than the end of
fiscal years ending after December 15, 2005. Retrospective
application of interim financial information is permitted, but
is not required. We adopted FIN 47 on January 1, 2005,
which did not materially impact our financial position or
results of operations. In March 2005, the SEC issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 107 Share-Based Payment , or
SAB 107. SAB 107 expresses the SEC staff’s views
regarding the interaction between Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123(R) Share-Based Payment ,
or Statement 123(R), and certain SEC rules and regulations
and provides the staff’s views regarding the valuation of
share-based payment arrangements for public companies. In
particular, SAB 107 provides guidance related to
share-based payment transactions with nonemployees, the
transition from nonpublic to public entity status, valuation
methods (including assumptions such as expected volatility and
expected term), the accounting for certain redeemable financial
instruments issued under share-based payment arrangements, the
classification of compensation expense, non-GAAP financial
measures, first time adoption of Statement 123(R) in an
interim period, capitalization of compensation cost related to
share-based payment arrangements, the accounting for income tax
effects of share-based payment arrangements upon adoption of
Statement 123(R) and the modification of employee share
options prior to adoption of Statement 123(R). We are
unable to quantify the impact of adopting SAB 107 and
Statement 123(R) at this time because it will depend on
levels of share-based payments granted in the future.
Additionally, we are still evaluating the assumptions we will
use upon adoption. In April 2005, the SEC issued a press release announcing that it
would provide for phased-in implementation guidance for
Statement 123(R). The SEC would require that registrants
that are not small business issuers adopt
Statement 123(R)’s fair value method of accounting for
share-based payments to employees no later than the beginning of
the first fiscal year beginning after June 15, 2005. We
intend to adopt Statement 123(R) on January 1, 2006. In June 2005, the Emerging Issues Task Force, or EITF, issued
EITF 05-6, Determining the Amortization Period of
Leasehold Improvements , or EITF 05-6. EITF 05-6
requires that assets recognized under capital leases generally
be amortized in a manner consistent with the lessee’s
normal depreciation policy except that the amortization period
is limited to the lease term (which includes renewal periods
that are reasonably assured). EITF 05-6 also addresses the
determination of the amortization period for leasehold
improvements that are purchased subsequent to the inception of
the lease. Leasehold improvements acquired in a business
combination or purchased subsequent to the inception of the
lease should be amortized over the lesser of the useful life of
the asset or the lease term that includes reasonably assured
lease renewals as determined on the date of the acquisition of
the leasehold improvement. We will adopt EITF 05-6 on
July 1, 2005 and do not expect adoption to materially
impact our financial position or results of operations. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial 58 Table of Contents statements and the reported amount of expenses during the
reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates
that are based on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances. The result of these evaluations forms the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and
liabilities and the reported amount of expenses that are not
readily apparent from other sources. Because future events and
their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual
results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and
such difference could be material. Our significant accounting
policies are discussed in Note A to our combined financial
statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. Management
believes that the following accounting estimates are the most
critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our
reported financial results, and they require management’s
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from
the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain. The following narrative describes these
critical accounting estimates, the judgments and assumptions and
the effect if actual results differ from these assumptions. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts We evaluate the collectibility of our accounts receivable based
on a combination of factors. In circumstances where we are aware
of a specific client’s inability to meet its financial
obligations, we record a specific reserve to reduce the amounts
recorded to what we believe will be collected. For all other
clients, we recognize reserves for bad debt based on historical
experience of bad debts as a percentage of revenues for each
business unit, adjusted for relative improvements or
deteriorations in the agings and changes in current economic
conditions. If our agings were to improve or deteriorate resulting in a 10%
change in our allowance, it is estimated that our bad debt
expense for the six months ended June 30, 2005 would have
changed by approximately $2.1 million and our net income
for the same period would have changed by approximately
$1.3 million. Long-lived Assets Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment are
reviewed for impairment when events and circumstances indicate
that depreciable and amortizable long-lived assets might be
impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be
generated by those assets are less than the carrying amount of
those assets. When specific assets are determined to be
unrecoverable, the cost basis of the asset is reduced to reflect
the current fair market value. We use various assumptions in determining the current fair
market value of these assets, including future expected cash
flows and discount rates, as well as future salvage values. Our
impairment loss calculations require management to apply
judgment in estimating future cash flows, including forecasting
useful lives of the assets and selecting the discount rate that
reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and
judgments used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair
values, we may be exposed to future impairment losses that could
be material to our results of operations. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the
fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business
combinations. We review goodwill for potential impairment
annually using the income approach to determine the fair value
of our reporting