An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search
for, Closing of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to
vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such
vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such
a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to
approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination
or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based
on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to
seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such
approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our ordinary shares do not approve
of the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business—Shareholders May Not Have the
Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information. Your only opportunity to affect your investment decision regarding
a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors
may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to
vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect your investment decision
regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be
at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe
our initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust
account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships),
other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire.
Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly,
acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater
technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially
acquire with the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to
the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This 40 Table of Contents inherent
competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated
to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction
with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for
our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion
of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. As the number of special purpose acquisition
companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets.
This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate
an initial business combination. In recent years, the
number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special
purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition
companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer
attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because
there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the
competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to
demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business
combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial
business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors
or at all. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to
enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for
working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders
exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with
the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any
shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available
for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount
that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination, or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible
assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than $5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination
or less than such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption
of our public shares and the related business combination, and we may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. If we are able
to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation
to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 41 Table of Contents The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our
capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial 