. The Company performs sensitivity tests with respect to growth rates and discount rates used in the income approach. Under the market approach, valuation multiples are derived based on a selection of comparable companies and acquisition transactions and applied to projected operating data for each reporting unit to arrive at an indication of fair value. Other Intangible Assets For indefinite-lived intangible assets other than goodwill, the impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The Company tests definite-lived intangible assets for recoverability when changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Events that trigger a test for recoverability include: ● material adverse changes in projected revenues and expenses; ● significant underperformance relative to historical and projected future operating results; ● significant negative industry or economic trends; and, ● a significant adverse change in the manner in which an asset group is used or in its physical condition. Future adverse changes in these or other unforeseeable factors could result in an impairment charge that could materially impact future results of operations and financial position in the reporting period identified. When a triggering event occurs, a test for recoverability is performed by comparing projected undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying value of the asset group. If the test for recoverability identifies a possible impairment, the asset group’s fair value is measured relying primarily on a discounted cash flow method. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. When an impairment loss is recognized for assets to be held and used, the adjusted carrying amount of those assets is depreciated over their remaining useful life. For the periods presented, the Company has not recorded any impairments of long-lived assets. F-10 Table of Contents CADRE HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (In thousands, except for share amounts) 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Accounts Payable Accounts payable represents amounts owed by us to third parties at the end of the period. Accounts payable includes $ 670 and $ 1,329 of book cash overdrafts in excess of cash balances in such accounts as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We include the change in book cash overdrafts in operating cash flows in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Revenue Recognition The Company derives revenue primarily from the sale of physical products. The Company recognizes revenue when a contract exists with a customer that specifies the goods and services to be provided at an agreed upon sales price and when the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the goods or service to the customer. The performance obligation is considered satisfied when control transfers, which is generally determined when products are shipped or delivered to the customer but could be delayed until the receipt of customer acceptance, depending on the terms of the contract. Sales are made on normal and customary short-term credit terms or upon delivery for point of sale transactions. The Company enters into contractual arrangements primarily with customers in the form of individual customer orders which specify the goods, quantity, pricing, and associated order terms. The Company has some long-term contracts that may contain research and development performance obligations that are satisfied over time. The Company invoices the customer once the billing milestone is reached and collects under customary short-term credit terms. For long-term contracts, the Company recognizes revenue using the input method based on costs incurred, as this method is an appropriate measure of progress toward the complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. Due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that estimates of costs to complete a performance obligation will be revised in the near-term. For those performance obligations for which revenue is recognized using a cost-to-cost input method, changes in total estimated costs, and related progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation, are recognized on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the revisions to the estimates are made. When the current estimate of total costs for a performance obligation indicate a loss, a provision for the entire estimated loss on the unsatisfied performance obligation is made in the period in which the loss becomes evident. At the time of revenue recognition, the Company also provides for estimated sales returns and miscellaneous claims from customers as reductions to revenues. The estimates are based on historical rates of product returns and claims. The Company accrues for such estimated returns and claims with an estimated accrual and associated reduction of revenue. Additionally, the Company records inventory that it expects to be returned as part of inventories, with a corresponding reduction to cost of goods sold. Charges for shipping and handling fees billed to customers are included in net sales and the corresponding shipping and handling expenses are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. We consider our costs related to shipping and handling after control over a product has transferred to a customer to be a cost of fulfilling the promise to transfer the product to the customer. Sales commissions paid to employees as compensation are expensed as incurred for contracts with service periods less than a year. For contracts with service periods greater than a year, these costs are capitalized and amortized over the life of the contract. These costs are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. F-11 Table of Contents CADRE HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (In thousands, except for share amounts) 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Product Warranty Some of the Company’s manufactured products carry limited warranty provisions for defects in quality and workmanship. A warranty reserve is established at the time of sale to cover estimated costs based on the Company’s history of warranty repairs and replacements and is recorded in cost of goods sold in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The following table represents changes in the Company’s accrued warranties and related costs: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year ended December 31, ​ 2021 2020 Beginning accrued warranty expense ​ $ 1,133 ​ $ 2,114 Current period claims ​ ( 399 ) ​ ( 442 ) Provision for current period sales ​ 522 ​ 307 Impact of accounting estimate change ​ ​ — ​ ​ ( 846 ) Ending accrued warranty expense ​ $ 1,256 ​ $ 1,133 ​ Cost of Goods Sold Cost of goods sold includes raw material purchases, manufacturing-related labor costs, contracted labor, shipping costs, reimbursable research and development costs, allocated manufacturing overhead, facility costs, depreciation and amortization, and product warranty costs. Selling, General & Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expense includes personnel-related costs, professional services, marketing and advertising expense, research and development, depreciation and amortization, and impairment charges. Advertising Expenses Advertising costs are expensed in the period incurred. Advertising expenses primarily consist of marketing, promotions, catalog and trade show expenses and were $ 3,120 and $ 2,692 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Advertising expenses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Research and Development Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred and included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Total research and development costs were $ 6,460 and $ 5,630 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, the Company incurs research and development expenses related to reimbursable development contracts. Contractual research and development expenses are included in cost of goods sold in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income and were $ 5,895 and $ 3,697 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. F-12 Table of Contents CADRE HOLDINGS, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (In thousands, except for share amounts) 1. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Debt Issuance Costs The Company capitalizes costs related to the issuance of debt under the provisions of ASC Subtopic 835-30, Interest—Imputation of Interest. Debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability and subsequently amortized on a straight-line method which approximates the effective interest method over the life of the related loan. Debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit are presented in the consolidated balance sheets as an asset and subsequently amortized ratably over the term of the respective arrangement. Amortization of debt issuance costs is included as a component of interest expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Stock-Based Compensation The Company records compensation expense for all stock-based awards granted bas