You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors and all of the other information set forth in this prospectus before deciding to invest in our common stock. Any of the following risks could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe not to be material may also adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. If that were to occur, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your original investment. Risks related to our business General economic conditions could negatively affect technology spending by
our customers and put downward pressure on prices, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or cash flows. Weak
economic conditions generally, sustained uncertainty about global economic conditions, skepticism about the resolution of U.S. fiscal cliff negotiations and the implementation of resulting agreements, concerns about future scheduled budgetary cuts
and that the U.S. government may reach its debt ceiling in early 2013, or a prolonged or further tightening of credit markets could cause our customers and potential customers to postpone or reduce spending on technology products or services or put
downward pressure on prices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows. For example, during the economic downturn at the end of 2008 and in 2009, due to a number of factors, including declines in the
availability of credit, weakening consumer and business confidence and increased unemployment, we experienced significantly reduced revenue and gross margins when our customers and potential customers reduced their spending on technology and put
downward pressure on prices. Our financial performance could be adversely affected by decreases in spending on technology products and services by
our Public segment customers. Our sales to our Public segment customers are impacted by government spending policies, budget priorities and
revenue levels. Although our sales to the federal government are diversified across multiple agencies and departments, they collectively accounted for approximately 10% of 2012 net sales. An adverse change in government spending policies (including
budget cuts at the federal level resulting from sequestration), budget priorities or revenue levels could cause our Public segment customers to reduce their purchases or to terminate or not renew their contracts with us, which could adversely affect
our business, results of operations or cash flows. Our business depends on our vendor partner relationships and the availability of their
products. We purchase products for resale from vendor partners, which include OEMs and software publishers, and wholesale distributors. For the
year ended December 31, 2012, we purchased approximately 52% of the products we sold directly from vendor partners and the remaining amount from wholesale distributors. We are authorized by vendor partners to sell all or some of their products
via direct marketing activities. Our authorization with each vendor partner is subject to specific terms and conditions regarding such things as sales channel restrictions, product return privileges, price protection policies, purchase discounts and
vendor partner 16 Table of Contents programs and funding, including purchase rebates, sales volume rebates, purchasing incentives and cooperative advertising reimbursements. However, we do not have any long-term contracts with our
vendor partners and many of these arrangements are terminable upon notice by either party. A reduction in vendor partner programs or funding or our failure to timely react to changes in vendor partner programs or funding could have an adverse effect
on our business, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, a reduction in the amount of credit granted to us by our vendor partners could increase our need for, and the cost of, working capital and could have an adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or cash flows, particularly given our substantial indebtedness. From time to time, vendor partners may terminate or
limit our right to sell some or all of their products or change the terms and conditions or reduce or discontinue the incentives that they offer us. For example, there is no assurance that, as our vendor partners continue to sell directly to end
users and through resellers, they will not limit or curtail the availability of their products to resellers like us. Any such termination or limitation or the implementation of such changes could have a negative impact on our business, results of
operations or cash flows. Although we purchase from a diverse vendor base, in 2012, products we purchased from distributors Ingram Micro, Tech Data and
SYNNEX represented 12%, 10% and 9%, respectively, of our total purchases. In addition, sales of Apple, Cisco, EMC, Hewlett-Packard, Lenovo and Microsoft products comprise a substantial portion of our sales, representing approximately 56% of net
sales in 2012. Sales of products manufactured by Hewlett-Packard and Cisco represented approximately 21% and 13%, respectively, of our 2012 net sales. The loss of, or change in business relationship with, any of these or any other key vendor
partners, the diminished availability of their products, or backlogs for their products leading to manufacturer allocation, could reduce the supply and increase the cost of products we sell and negatively impact our competitive position. Additionally, the relocation of key distributors utilized in our purchasing model could increase our need for, and the cost of, working capital and have an adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows. Further, the sale, spin-off or combination of any of our vendor partners and/or certain of their business units, including any such sale to or combination with a vendor with whom we do not
currently have a commercial relationship or whose products we do not sell, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or cash flows. Our sales are dependent on continued innovations in hardware, software and services offerings by our vendor partners and the competitiveness of their offerings, and our ability to partner with new and
emerging technology providers. The technology industry is characterized by rapid innovation and the frequent introduction of new and enhanced
hardware, software and services offerings. We have been and will continue to be dependent on innovations in hardware, software and services offerings, as well as the acceptance of those innovations by customers. A decrease in the rate of innovation,
or the lack of acceptance of innovations by customers, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or cash flows. In addition,
if we are unable to keep up with changes in technology and new hardware, software and services offerings, for example by providing the appropriate training to our account managers, sales technology specialists and engineers to enable them to
effectively sell and deliver such new offerings to customers, our business, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. 17 Table of Contents We also are dependent upon our vendor partners for the development and marketing of hardware, software and services to
compete effectively with hardware, software and services of vendors whose products and services we do not currently offer or that we are not authorized to offer in one or more customer channels. To the extent that a vendor’s offering that is
highly in demand is not available to us for resale in one or more customer channels, and there is not a competitive offering from another vendor that we are authorized to sell in such customer channels, our business, results of operations or cash
flows could be adversely impacted. Substantial competition could reduce our market share and significantly harm our financial performance. Our current competition includes: • resellers, such as Dimension Data, ePlus, Insight Enterprises, PC Connection, PCM, Presidio, Softchoice, World Wide Technology, and many smaller resellers; • manufacturers who sell directly to customers, such as Dell, Hewlett-Packard and Apple; • e-tailers, such as Amazon, Newegg, TigerDirect.com and Buy.com; • large service providers and system integrators, such as IBM, Accenture, Hewlett-Packard and Dell; and • retailers (including their e-commerce activities), such as Staples, Office Depot and Office Max. We expect the competitive landscape in which we compete to continue to change as new technologies are developed. While innovation can help our business as it
creates new offerings for us to sell, it can also disrupt our business model and create new and stronger competitors. Some of our hardware and software
vendor partners sell, and could intensify their efforts to sell, their products directly to our customers. In addition, traditional OEMs have increased their services capabilities through mergers and acquisitions with service providers, which could
potentially increase competition in the market to provide comprehensive technology solutions to customers. Moreover, newer, potentially disruptive technologies exist and are being developed that deliver technology solutions as a service, for
example, cloud-based solutions, including software as a service (“SaaS”), infrastructure as a service (“IaaS”) and platform as a service (“PaaS”). These technologies could increase the amount of sales directly to
customers rather than through resellers like us, or could lead to a reduction in our profitability. If any of these trends becomes more prevalent, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations or cash flows. We focus on offering a high level of service to gain new customers and retain 