An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the risks described below before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operation or cash flows could be materially harmed. In any such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. When determining whether to buy our common stock, you should also refer to the other information in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes. R isks R elating to O ur B usiness We have a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate us. We may never generate revenue or profit. We are an early-stage biotechnology company that commenced activities in January 2012. We only have a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate us. Our business plan has not been tested. Since inception, we have had no revenue and have incurred significant operating losses. We have financed our operations primarily through private placements of our pre-LLC Conversion common units and the issuance of convertible notes. To become and remain profitable, we must continue to develop and commercialize the CELx platform, including the CELx HSF Test and CELx tests for other cancer sub-types. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing nonclinical testing, initiating and completing clinical trials, building operational and financial infrastructure to support commercial operations, training and managing employees, and marketing and selling our CELx tests. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is sufficient to achieve profitability. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future, and the net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of the company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain or expand our research and development efforts, expand our business, or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose part or even all of your investment. Our initial success is heavily dependent on the success of our CELx HSF Test. Our business strategy includes generating revenue from the sale of our CELx tests and from CDx partnerships with pharmaceutical companies. Our ability to obtain such partnerships depends in part on the ability of our CELx HSF Test to demonstrate the incremental opportunity available for pharmaceutical companies. We will not begin fielding our first prospective clinical trial for the CELx HSF Test until late-2017 and expect final results of the trial will not be available for 18 to 21 months. Success of the HSF Test trial will depend on many factors, such as successful enrollment of patients, meeting trial endpoint goals, and completing the trial in a timely manner. If we are unable to demonstrate the efficacy of the HSF Test in identifying patients that respond to the targeted therapy, we will not be able to generate future revenue from our CELx HSF Test and may not be able to attract other pharmaceutical companies to partner with us for the development and commercialization of other CELx tests. We may not be successful in finding pharmaceutical company partners for continuing development of additional CELx tests. We intend to develop strategic partnerships with pharmaceutical companies for developing additional CELx tests. Many of the potential partners are global, multi-billion-dollar pharmaceutical companies with sophisticated research and development organizations and multiple priorities. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish such a strategic partnership or other alternative arrangements for additional CELx tests because our research and development pipeline may be insufficient, such tests may be deemed to be at too early of a stage of development for collaborative effort, or third parties may not view such tests as having the requisite potential to demonstrate efficacy. In addition, we may be restricted under collaboration agreements from entering into future agreements with other partners. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable strategic partners on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all, we may have to curtail the 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS development of additional CELx tests and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. Developing our CELx tests involves a lengthy and complex process that may not be successful. Our CELx tests may take several years to develop from the time they are discovered to the time they are available for patient use, if ever. In order to develop CELx tests into commercially viable products, we need to successfully complete a variety of activities, including: • conducting substantial research and development; ​ • conducting analytical and clinical studies; and ​ • obtaining and maintaining partnerships with pharmaceutical companies. ​ These activities will require us to expend significant resources. Based on comparable companies in this industry, few research and development projects result in commercial products, and success in early clinical studies often is not replicated in later studies. At any point, we may abandon development of a product candidate for several reasons, such as a clinical validation study failing to demonstrate the prospectively defined endpoints of the study. We may also be required to expend considerable resources repeating clinical studies, which would adversely affect the timing for generating potential revenue from a new product and our ability to invest in other products in our pipeline. Clinical trials are expensive and complex with uncertain outcomes, which may prevent or delay commercialization of our CELx tests. For our CELx tests to become a CDx for a matching targeted therapy, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate that patients who have an abnormal signaling pathway, as identified by our CELx tests, respond to treatment with a matching targeted therapy. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. As a company, we have no experience in conducting or participating in clinical trials. We cannot be certain that our existing clinical trial or future clinical trials, if any, will begin or be completed on time, if at all. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to commercialize our CELx tests, such as: • delays in reaching, or failure to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with planned trial sites and/or strategic partners; ​ • delay or failure in reaching agreement with the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority on a trial design, in obtaining authorization from such authorities to commence the trial, and/or in complying with conditions or other requirements imposed by such regulatory authorities with respect to the trial; ​ • delay or failure in recruiting and enrolling suitable subjects to participate in one or more clinical trials, or with such participants completing a trial or returning for follow-up during or after the trial; ​ • clinical sites, investigators or other third-parties deviating from the trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory and contractual requirements, and/or dropping out of a trial; ​ • regulatory imposition of a clinical hold for any of our clinical trials, where a clinical hold in a trial in one indication would result in a clinical hold for clinical trials in other indications; and ​ • changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions. ​ Significant nonclinical or clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our CELx tests or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our CELx tests and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS Even if our CELx tests achieve positive clinical trial results, they may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. If any of our potential CELx tests, including the CELx HSF Test, achieve positive clinical trial results, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. For example, conventional genomic- or proteomic-based analyses are commonly used today to diagnose cancer and prescribe cancer medications, and physicians may continue to rely on these diagnostic tests instead of adopting the use of a CELx test. The degree of market acceptance of our CELx tests, will depend on a number of factors, including: • their efficacy and other potential advantages compared to alternative diagnostic tests; ​ • our ability to offer them for sale at competitive prices; ​ • their convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative diagnostics; ​ • the willingness of the target patient population to try new diagnostics and of physicians to initiate such diagnostics; ​ • the strength of marketing and distribution support; ​ • the availability of third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement for our diagnostic tests; and ​ • our ability partner with pharmaceutical companies to develop CDx programs for the new cancer sub-types we discover. ​ If our CELx tests 