—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock—Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our existing stockholders in the public market following this offering could cause the market price for our common stock to decline.” As of November 3, 2021, we had a total of 159,659,498 shares of common stock outstanding. All shares sold in this offering will be freely tradable without registration under the Securities Act and without restriction, except for shares held by our “affiliates” ​(as defined under Rule 144). The shares of common stock held by EQT and certain of our directors, officers and employees after this offering will be “restricted” securities under the meaning of Rule 144 and may not be sold in the absence of registration under the Securities Act, unless an exemption from registration is available, including the exemptions pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Pursuant to Rule 144, the restricted shares held by our affiliates will be available for sale in the public market at various times after the date of this prospectus following the expiration of the applicable lock-up period. In addition, a total of 18,602,899 shares of our common stock has been reserved for issuance under the 2020 Incentive Plan and a total of 1,700,000 shares of our common stock has been reserved for issuance under our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (each subject to adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and similar events), which equals approximately 12.7% of the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately following this offering. We filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common stock issued or reserved for issuance under the 2020 Incentive Plan and our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which automatically became effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement are available for sale in the open market, unless such shares are subject to vesting restrictions or the lock-up restrictions described below. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, as currently in effect, a person (or persons whose shares are deemed aggregated) who is not deemed to be or have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than an affiliate, is entitled to sell such shares without registration, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the holding period of a prior owner other than an affiliate, then such person is entitled to sell such shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. Under Rule 144, our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates, who have met the six-month holding period for beneficial ownership of “restricted shares” of our common stock, are entitled to sell within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: ▪ 1% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which equals approximately 1,596,800 shares immediately after this offering; or ​ ▪ the average reported weekly trading volume of our common stock on Nasdaq during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. ​ 49 TABLE OF CONTENTS Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. The sale of these shares, or the perception that sales will be made, could adversely affect the price of our common stock after this offering because an increased supply of shares would be, or would be perceived to be, available for sale in the public market. Rule 701 In general, under Rule 701 of the Securities Act as currently in effect, any of our employees, consultants or advisors who received shares from us in connection with a compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement in a transaction in reliance on Rule 701 that was completed before the effective date of the registration statement on Form S-1 for our initial public offering are now eligible to resell such shares in reliance on Rule 144, but without compliance with certain restrictions, including the holding period, contained in Rule 144. Such sales may, however, remain subject to the restrictions related to the lock-up agreements discussed below. Registration Rights EQT, Arsenal and certain other stockholders will have certain registration rights with respect to our common stock pursuant to the amended and restated registration rights agreement. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Registration Rights Agreement” for additional information. Lock-Up Agreements In connection with this offering, we, our directors, certain of our executive officers and the selling stockholders have agreed with the underwriters, subject to certain exceptions as described in “Underwriting,” not to sell, dispose of or hedge any shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock during the period ending 30 days after the date of this prospectus, except with the prior written consent of the representatives of the underwriters. 50 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME AND ESTATE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS The following is a summary of certain United States federal income and estate tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock as of the date hereof. Except where noted, this summary deals only with common stock that is held as a capital asset by a non-U.S. holder (as defined below). A “non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our common stock (other than an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) that is not, for United States federal income tax purposes, any of the following: ▪ an individual citizen or resident of the United States; ​ ▪ a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; ​ ▪ an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or ​ ▪ a trust if it (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. ​ This summary is based upon provisions of the Code, and regulations, rulings and judicial decisions as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed, perhaps retroactively, so as to result in United States federal income and estate tax consequences different from those summarized below. This summary does not address all aspects of United States federal income and estate taxes and does not deal with foreign, state, local or other tax considerations that may be relevant to non-U.S. holders in light of their particular circumstances. In addition, it does not represent a detailed description of the United States federal income and estate tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the United States federal income tax laws (including if you are a United States expatriate, foreign pension fund, “controlled foreign corporation,” “passive foreign investment company” or a partnership or other pass-through entity for United States federal income tax purposes). We cannot assure you that a change in law will not alter significantly the tax considerations that we describe in this summary. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our common stock, you should consult your tax advisors. If you are considering the purchase of our common stock, you should consult your own tax advisors concerning the particular United States federal income and estate tax consequences to you of the purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock, as well as the consequences to you arising under other United States federal tax laws and the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. Dividends In the event that we make a distribution of cash or other property (other than certain pro rata distributions of our stock) in respect of our common stock, the distribution generally will be treated as a dividend for United States federal income tax purposes to the extent it is paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under United States federal income tax principles. Any portion of a distribution that exceeds our current and accumulated earnings and profits generally will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital, causing a reduction in the adjusted tax basis of a non-U.S. holder’s common stock, and to the extent the amount of the distribution exceeds a non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in our common stock, the excess will be treated as gain from the disposition of our common stock (the tax treatment of which is discussed below under “—Gain on Disposition of Common Stock”). Dividends paid to a non-U.S. holder generally will be subject to withholding of United States federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income ta