Investing
    in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8. Unless
we indicate otherwise, the number of shares of our common stock that will be outstanding immediately after the Underwritten Offering
and the Selling Shareholders Offering is based on 966,675,946 shares of common stock outstanding as of July 7, 2022. The number excludes
the following: (i) up
    to 1,545,971,250 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding common stock purchase warrants and the conversion
    of outstanding convertible notes; and (ii) shares
    of common stock underlying the warrants to be issued to the Representative in connection with this Underwritten Offering. Except
as otherwise indicated herein, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise by the underwriter of its over-allotment option
to purchase additional shares. 8 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described
below, as well as the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes. In
addition, we may face additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or which as of the date of this registration statement
we might not consider significant, which may adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case the trading price of our common stock could
decline due to any of these risks or uncertainties, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry OUR
INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS HAVE ISSUED A GOING CONCERN OPINION AND IF WE CANNOT OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FINANCING AND/OR REDUCE OUR OPERATING
COSTS SUFFICIENTLY, WE MAY HAVE TO CURTAIL OPERATIONS AND MAY ULTIMATELY CEASE TO EXIST. Our
financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
continuity of operations, realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had a total
stockholder’s deficit of $1,702,653 and a working capital deficit of $4,274,383 and an accumulated deficit of $17,423,930 as of
December 31, 2021 and used $2,552,547 in net cash from operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021. Therefore, there
is doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. There can be no assurance that the Company will achieve its
goals and reach profitable operations and is still dependent upon its ability (1) to obtain sufficient debt and/or equity capital and/or
(2) to generate positive cash flow from operations. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had a net profit of $278,492 compared to a net loss of $3,435,764 for the same period in
2020. The increase in the net profit in 2021 was mainly due to the change in derivative liability associated with the convertible debt
and lower interest expense from 2021 to 2020. WE
HAVE AN ACCUMULATED DEFICIT AND MAY INCUR ADDITIONAL LOSSES; THEREFORE, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO OBTAIN THE ADDITIONAL FINANCING NEEDED
FOR WORKING CAPITAL, CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND TO MEET OUR DEBT SERVICE OBLIGATIONS. As
of December 31, 2021, we had current liabilities of $6,865,123. The Company has been able to raise additional capital of approximately
$4.78 million and repaid approximately $2.0 million of debt in 2021. Our outstanding debt could limit our ability to obtain additional
financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, or other purposes in the future, as needed; to plan for,
or react to, changes in technology and in our business and competition; and to react in the event of an economic downturn. In
addition, we may not be able to meet our debt service obligations. The total outstanding balance of indebtedness as of the end of March
31, 2022 was $6,690,575. Some of these outstanding debts bear a high interest rate. For example, the interest rate for debts due to Nations
Interbanc with an outstanding balance of $1,153,956 is 26% per annum. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain funds
for required payments, or if we fail to comply with covenants in our revolving lines of credit, we will be in default. WE
ARE IN DEFAULT IN OUR OBLIGATIONS TO A MAJOR CREDITOR Currently,
we are in default of our notes payable to Cybernaut Zfounder Ventures (“Cybernaut”), which have aggregate outstanding principal
and interest of approximately $297,655. Cybernaut has agreed to pay the prepayment amounts of certain convertible promissory notes on
behalf of the company, and as a result, Cybernaut acquired the rights of the original note holder under the notes. The default interest
on the notes is 14% per annum. The notes can convert into the common stock of the Company at the variable discount rate of 35%. OUR
BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY PUBLIC HEALTH EPIDEMICS, INCLUDING THE COVID-19. A
public health epidemic, including the COVID-19, poses the risk that we or our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers and other
business partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, due to factors such as shutdowns
that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve. At this time, there
continues to be significant volatility and uncertainty relating to the full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses
to it will impact our business, operations and financial results. The
extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted as of the date of this prospectus, including the effectiveness of vaccines and other treatments for COVID-19, and other
new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the pandemic and steps taken to contain the pandemic or treat its impact,
among others. The pandemic and the current financial, economic and capital markets environment, and future developments in the global
supply chain and other areas present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 9 To
the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many
of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. WE
HAVE NOT MADE A PAYMENT UNDER A MATERIAL CONTRACT, WHICH COULD RESULT IN ADVERSE IMPACTS ON OUR OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS. As
of the date of this prospectus, we have not made a payment of the principal of $1,200,000 with the accrued interest of $325,843 which
comprised the balance of the purchase price pursuant to our asset purchase agreement with General Electric International (“GE”),
under which we acquired all assets of Heat Recovery Solutions business unit from General Electric International. In addition, we have
not paid GE an amount of $972,233 in accrued transitional fees. We believe that the outstanding amounts should have been an offset to
purchase price we paid due to a misrepresentation of the values of the disclosed assets as reflected in the principal amount of the outstanding
note and in the transition agreements. CETY stopped making payments and informed GE that it had encountered difficulties because of the
valuations of the assets that were acquired from GE. Given that the values of the assets were different than GE’s internal reports
and as we discussed at the time of the transaction with GE’s management, we proposed a change in the amount the Company owes GE
under the purchase agreement, but GE has been non-responsive. IF
DEMAND FOR THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES THAT THE COMPANY OFFERS SLOWS, OUR BUSINESS WOULD BE MATERIALLY AFFECTED. Demand
for products which it intends to sell depends on many factors, including: ● the
    economy, and in periods of rapidly declining economic conditions, customers may defer purchases or may choose alternate products; ● the
    cost of oil, gas and solar energy; ● the
    competitive environment in the heat to power sectors may force us to reduce prices below our desired pricing level or increase promotional
    spending; and ● our
    ability to maintain efficient, timely and cost-effective production and delivery of the products and services. All
of these factors could result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for the products and services that we offer, which
could adversely affect our sales, cash flows and overall financial condition. WE
OPERATE IN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE MARKET. IF WE DO NOT COMPETE EFFECTIVELY, OUR PROSPECTS, OPERATING RESULTS, AND FINANCIAL CONDITION COULD
BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED. The
markets for our products and services are highly competitive, with companies offering a variety of competitive products and services.
We expect competition in our markets to intensify in the future as new and existing competitors introduce new or enhanced products and
services that are potentially more competitive than our products and services. We believe many of our competitors and potential competitors
have significant competitive advantages, including longer operating histories, ability to leverage their sales efforts and marketing
expenditures across a broader portfolio of products and services, larger and broader customer bases, more established relationships with
a larger number of suppliers, contract manufacturers, and channel partners, greater brand recognition, and greater financial, research
and development, marketing, distribution, and other resources than we do and the ability to offer financing for projects. Our competitors
and potential competitors may also be able to develop pr