An investment in our common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as the other information
contained in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the events contemplated by the following risks actually occur, then our business, financial condition or results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result of these and other factors, the value of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business Our business is dependent on the price of natural gas in North America, which is both expensive and highly volatile. Natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce nitrogen fertilizers. We use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as a fuel to produce ammonia,
urea and UAN. Because all of our nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities are located in the United States and Canada, the price of natural gas in North America directly impacts a substantial
portion of our operating expenses. Expenditures on natural gas comprised approximately 61% of the total cost of our nitrogen fertilizer sales in 2004 and a substantially higher percentage of our
related cash costs. The
market price for natural gas in North America is significantly higher than the price of natural gas in other major fertilizer-producing regions. For example, during 2004, natural gas
prices in the United States (measured at the Henry Hub, near our Donaldsonville, Louisiana facility) averaged approximately $5.85 per mmBTU and in Canada (measured at AECO, near our joint venture's
Medicine Hat, Alberta facility) averaged approximately $5.04 per mmBTU. In comparison, during 2004, natural gas prices paid by fertilizer producers are estimated to have been approximately $.90 per
mmBTU in Russia and approximately $2.30 per mmBTU in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. Many of our competitors benefit from access to lower-priced natural gas through manufacturing facilities or
interests in manufacturing facilities located in these regions or other regions with abundant supplies of natural gas. Although the advantage associated with access to lower-priced natural gas
abroad is partially offset by increased transportation costs and operating complexity, which substantially increase the delivered cost of fertilizer, the price we pay for our principal raw material is
significantly higher than the price paid by these competitors. The
price of natural gas in North America is also highly volatile. During 2004, the average daily price ranged from a low of $4.99 per mmBTU during September to a high of $6.63 per mmBTU
during December. The volatility of the price of natural gas in North America compounds our competitive disadvantage to some of our competitors, who, in addition to having access to lower-priced
natural gas, also benefit from fixed-price natural gas contracts. As
a result of global competition in the fertilizer industry, we may not be able to pass the higher operating costs we incur due to our dependence on North American natural gas through
to our customers in the form of higher product prices. Unless prices for natural gas in North America and other fertilizer-producing regions begin to converge, or we are able to reduce our dependence
on North American natural gas, the relatively expensive and highly volatile cost of natural gas in North America could make it difficult for us to compete against producers from other parts of the
world in certain situations, including those in which an oversupplied market or other factors exert downward pressure on product prices. Our business is cyclical, which causes our results of operations to fluctuate. Historically, selling prices for our products have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. Demand is affected by population
growth, changes in dietary habits, and planted acreage and application rates, among other things. Supply is affected by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs, government policies
and global trade. 11 Periods
of high demand, high capacity utilization and increasing operating margins tend to result in new plant investment and increased production, causing supply to exceed demand and
prices and capacity utilization to decline. Reduced prices restrict investment in new capacity, initiating a new cycle. A substantial amount of new ammonia and urea capacity is expected to be added
abroad in low-cost regions over the next several years. Future growth in demand for fertilizer may not be sufficient to alleviate any existing or future conditions of excess industry
capacity. During
periods of industry oversupply, our results of operations tend to be affected negatively as the price at which we sell our products typically declines, resulting in reduced profit
margins, lower production of our products and possible plant closures. We have a history of losses and may incur losses in the future, which could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We incurred net losses for five consecutive years, in 1999 through 2003, prior to earning a profit in the most recent year ended December 31, 2004. In
future periods, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a consistent quarterly or annual basis. Failure to maintain consistent profitability may materially and adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Our products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other fertilizer producers. We are subject to intense price competition from both domestic and foreign sources. Fertilizers are global commodities, with little or no product differentiation,
and customers make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and to a lesser extent on customer service and product quality. We compete with a number of domestic and
foreign producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. Some of these competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from fertilizer sales, which
makes them less vulnerable to industry downturns and better positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. Recent
consolidation in the fertilizer industry has increased the resources of several of our competitors, and we expect consolidation among fertilizer producers to continue. In light of
this industry consolidation, our competitive position could suffer to the extent we are not able to expand our own resources either through investments in new or existing operations or through
acquisitions, joint ventures or partnerships. There can be no assurance that we will be able to find suitable assets to purchase or joint venture or partnership opportunities to pursue. Even if we are
able to locate desirable opportunities, there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire desired assets or enter into desired joint ventures or partnerships on economically acceptable terms.
Our inability to compete successfully could result in the loss of customers, which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. China
is the largest producer and consumer of fertilizers and has been, and is expected to continue, expanding its fertilizer production capability. This increase in capacity could
adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and may put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We
may face increased competition from Russian and Ukrainian urea, which is currently subject to antidumping duty orders that impose significant duties on urea imported into the United
States from these two countries. The antidumping orders have been in place since 1987, and there has been almost no urea imported into the United States from Russia or Ukraine since that time. The
U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. International Trade Commission are currently reviewing whether the antidumping orders on urea from Russia and Ukraine should be extended for an additional
five-year period. We currently expect a final determination in September 2005. Russia and Ukraine currently have considerable capacity to produce urea and are the world's largest urea exporters.
Producers in both countries benefit from natural gas prices that are determined by their governments and which are well below the commercial 12 value
of the natural gas, encouraging urea production and export activity. If the antidumping duties are not extended, imports of Russian and Ukrainian urea into the United States are expected to
increase significantly, which could cause our sales and margins to suffer. Our operating results are highly dependent upon conditions in the U.S. agricultural industry. Conditions in the U.S. agricultural industry can significantly impact our operating results. The U.S. agricultural industry can be affected by a number of
factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, the domestic and international demand for U.S. agricultural products and U.S. and foreign
policies regarding trade in agricultural products. State
and federal governmental policies, including farm subsidies and commodity support programs, may also directly or indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops
planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. In addition, several states are currently considering limitations on the use and application of chemical fertilizers due to
concerns about the impact of these products on the environment. Any
decline in U.S. agricultural production or limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes could materially adversely affect the market for our products. Our business is subject to risks related to weather conditions. Adverse weather conditions may have a significant effect on demand fo