: Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and the other information included
or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Nasdaq Capital Market symbol: Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “OPGN.”  There is no established trading market for the common warrants or the pre-funded warrants, and we do not expect a trading market to develop. We do not intend to list the common warrants or the pre-funded warrants on any securities exchange or other trading market. Without a trading market, the liquidity of the common warrants and pre-funded warrants will be extremely limited. 4 Unless otherwise stated, all information contained
in this prospectus assumes no sale of any pre-funded warrants in lieu of common stock in this offering and gives effect to the 1-for-20
reverse stock split of our common stock that was effected on January 5, 2023. The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding
immediately after this offering is based on 5,495,546 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023, and excludes: · 107,597 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options granted as of March 31, 2023, under our equity incentive plans at a weighted average exercise price of $93.44 per share; · 6,459,317 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants issued as of March 31, 2023, at a weighted average exercise price of $4.34 per share; · 124,280 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units granted as of March 31, 2023; · 89,146 shares of common stock available for future issuance under our equity incentive plans as of March 31, 2023; and · 605,000 shares of common stock issued at a price of $0.7785 per share, 3,890,825 shares of common stock issued upon the exercise of pre-funded warrants at an offering price of $0.7685 per share, and 4,495,825 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of common warrants with an exercise price of $0.7785 per share, each of which was issued after March 31, 2023 as part of our best efforts public offering of securities completed in May 2023. The number of outstanding options, restricted
stock units and shares of common stock available for future issuances under our equity incentive plans does not reflect: · 7,500 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock unit grants since March 31, 2023; and · 22,153 shares of common stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock unit grants since March 31, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated, all information
contained in this prospectus assumes (i) no exercise of options issued under our equity incentive plans and (ii) no exercise of warrants. 5 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, and incorporated by reference herein, together
with all of the other information in, or incorporated by reference in, this prospectus, including our financial statements and related
notes incorporated by reference herein, before making an investment decision. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could
decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Summary Below is a summary of material factors that
make an investment in our securities and this offering speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address all of the risks
that we face. We encourage you to carefully review the full risk factors contained in this prospectus in their entirety for additional
information regarding the material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. · We have a history of losses, and we expect to incur losses for the next several years. · We will require additional capital to fund our operations, and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. · We have significant indebtedness that, if we are unable to repay, would cause a material adverse effect on us. · We face significant competition from other companies in the life sciences and biotechnology industry, and our business will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. · We may never successfully develop new products or may not receive or be able to maintain regulatory clearance or approval for or commercialize our new and existing products. · Our products and services may never achieve significant commercial market acceptance. · Changes in healthcare laws policies, including legislation reforming the U.S. healthcare system, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. · We rely on collaborations with third parties to develop product and services candidates, including our collaboration with FIND. If these collaborations are not successful, our business could be adversely affected. · We may not be able to expand our customer base, which is crucial for our future success. · If we are unable to protect our intellectual property effectively, our business will be harmed. · We may suffer from adverse effects on our business condition and results of operations from general economic and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the United States and international markets, including deteriorating market conditions due to investor concerns regarding inflation and Russia’s war against Ukraine. Risks Related to this Offering and Our Securities We need to raise capital in this offering to
support our operations. If we are unable to raise capital in this offering, our financial position will be materially adversely impacted. We have incurred substantial losses since
our inception, and we expect to continue to incur additional losses for the next several years. For the three months ended March 31, 2023,
we had net losses of $5.7 million. From our inception through March 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $278.6 million. We believe
that current cash on hand, prior to the receipt of any proceeds from this offering, is not sufficient to fund operations beyond September
2023. If we were to receive net proceeds of $ [__] million from this offering, we believe
that the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will meet our capital needs into [__] .
If we receive the foregoing net proceeds of $ [__] million in this offering, and if we raise
an additional $ [__] million in net proceeds through the sale of securities or otherwise
throughout 2023, we believe that we will then meet our capital needs through the end of [__] .
If we were to receive net proceeds of $ [__] million from this offering, we believe that
the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, will meet our capital needs through [__] .
In addition, the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 contains explanatory language that substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we
do not have access to sufficient cash and liquidity to finance our business operations as currently contemplated, we would be compelled
to reduce general and administrative expenses and delay research and development projects, including the purchase of scientific equipment
and supplies, until we are able to obtain sufficient financing. We have no additional committed sources of capital and may find it difficult
to raise money on terms favorable to us or at all. The failure to obtain sufficient capital to support our operations would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If such sufficient financing is not received timely, we
would then need to pursue a plan to license or sell assets, seek to be acquired by another entity, cease operations and/or seek bankruptcy
protection. 6 Purchasers who purchase our securities
in this offering pursuant to a securities purchase agreement may have rights not available to purchasers that purchase without the benefit
of a securities purchase agreement. In addition to rights and remedies available to all
purchasers in this offering under federal securities and state law, the purchasers that enter into a securities purchase agreement will
also be able to bring claims of breach of contract against us. The ability to pursue a claim for breach of contract provides those investors
with the means to enforce the covenants uniquely available to them under the securities purchase agreement including: (i) timely delivery
of shares; (ii) agreement to not enter into variable rate financings for one year from closing, subject to certain exceptions; (iii) agreement
to not enter into any financings for 60 days from closing; and (iv) indemnification for breach of contract. This is a best efforts offering, no
minimum amount of securities is required to be sold, and we may not raise the amount of capital we believe is required for our business
plans, including our near-term business plans. The placement agent has agreed to use its
reasonable best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the securities in this offering. The placement agent has no obligation to buy any
of the securities from us or to arrange for the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of the securities. There is no
required minimum number of securities that must be sold as a condition to completion of this offering. Because there is no minimum offering
amount required as a condition to the closing of this offering, the actual offering amount, placement agent fees and proceeds to us are
not presently determinable and may be substantially less than the maximum amounts set forth herein. We may sell fewer than all of th