” section of this prospectus. Overview We are a biopharmaceutical
company developing a diversified pipeline of targeted oncology and immuno-oncology therapies with transformative potential for cancer patients. In approximately three and a half years, by leveraging our differentiated hub-and-spoke business model, we have efficiently developed or in-licensed a pipeline of seven distinct programs.    Our unique business model
leverages a central operating company and separate subsidiaries that are established to hold and advance individual therapeutic candidates. Cullinan Management, Inc., or Cullinan Management, our wholly-owned operating subsidiary, employs all of our
team members and incubates discovery programs until we establish a “spoke” in which to further advance them. In addition, we centralize shared services, including all research and development operations, administrative services, and
business development, in Cullinan Management and allocate employees and resources to each spoke based on the needs and development stage of each therapeutic candidate. As of September 30, 2020, we had five partially-owned development
subsidiaries, or spokes, in addition to Cullinan Management: Cullinan Pearl Corp., or Cullinan Pearl, which is advancing CLN-081; Cullinan Apollo Corp., or Cullinan Apollo, which was formed around VK-2019, a
drug that we subsequently decided to discontinue development of in May 2020; Cullinan MICA Corp., or Cullinan MICA, which is advancing CLN-619; Cullinan Florentine Corp., or Cullinan Florentine, which is
advancing CLN-049; and Cullinan Amber Corp., or Cullinan Amber, which is developing our AMBER platform and advancing CLN-617 as its first therapeutic candidate. Cullinan
Management, Cullinan Pearl, Cullinan MICA, Cullinan Florentine and Cullinan Amber are collectively referred to as the Asset Subsidiaries. Our earlier-stage programs, NexGem, Opal and Jade, are currently held in Cullinan Management. At
December 31, 2019, we had four partially-owned development subsidiaries in addition to Cullinan Management: Cullinan Amber, Cullinan Apollo, Cullinan Florentine and Cullinan Pearl. Since our inception in 2016, we have focused substantially all of our efforts and financial resources on raising capital, organizing and
staffing our company, identifying, acquiring or in-licensing, and developing product and technology rights, establishing and protecting our intellectual property portfolio, and developing and advancing our
programs. To support these activities, we and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Cullinan Management, (i) identify and secure new programs, (ii) set up new subsidiaries to further advance individual programs, (iii) recruit key management
team members, (iv) raise and allocate capital across the portfolio, and (v) provide certain shared services, including research and development operations, administrative services, and business development, to our subsidiaries. We do not
have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. Since inception, we have funded our operations
primarily through the sale of redeemable preferred units. In October 2016, we received $4.0 million from the purchase and sale of our Series Seed preferred units. Subsequently, in April 2017, we received approximately $50.0 million from
the purchase and sale of our Series A preferred units. In October and December 2019, we received a total of approximately $84.3 million for the purchase and sale of our Series B preferred units. In February and March 2020, we received
approximately $14.3 million for the additional sale of our Series B preferred units. Through December 16, 2020, after giving effect to the issuance of our Series C preferred units, our investors have provided approximately $277.0 million in
cumulative net proceeds. As of September 30, 2020, we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $94.9 million.
Subsequent to September 30, 2020, we have received $124.7 million of proceeds from sales of our Series C 105 Table of Contents preferred units. We have incurred operating losses and have had negative cash flows from operations since our inception. Our net loss was $14.2 million, $21.7 million and
$30.4 million, for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 and the nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. As of September 30, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $65.0 million. We expect to continue to
generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. Our future viability is dependent on the success of our research and development and our ability to access additional capital to fund our operations. There can be no assurance that our current
operating plan will be achieved or that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We are subject to
risks and uncertainties common to early-stage companies in the biotechnology industry including, but not limited to, new technological innovations, protection of proprietary technology, dependence on key personnel, compliance with government
regulations, and the ability to obtain additional capital to fund operations. Our therapeutic programs will require significant additional research and development efforts, including preclinical and clinical testing and regulatory approval prior to
commercialization. These efforts require additional capital, adequate personnel and extensive compliance-reporting capabilities. There can be no assurance that our research and development will be successfully completed, that adequate protection for
our intellectual property will be obtained, that any products developed will obtain necessary government regulatory approval, or that any approved products will be commercially viable. The current outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The full extent of the impact due to the COVID-19 pandemic will
depend on future developments that are highly uncertain, including as a result of new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and actions taken to contain or treat COVID-19, as well as the economic impact. Given the uncertainty around the extent and timing of the potential future spread or mitigation efforts related to the current outbreak of COVID-19, the financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Basis of Presentation and Consolidation Since our inception, we have created wholly-owned subsidiaries or made investments in certain controlled entities. Losses attributed
to noncontrolling interests are reported separately in our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The entities that
are consolidated in our consolidated financial statements include the following: Consolidated Entities Current Relationship Date Control First Acquired Ownership as of Sep 30, 2020 % (1) Ownership as of Dec 18, 2020% (1) (2) Cullinan Management, Inc. Wholly-owned Subsidiary September 2016 100 % 100 % Cullinan Apollo Corp. Partially-owned Subsidiary November 2018 71 % 71 % Cullinan Pearl Corp. Partially-owned Subsidiary November 2018 65 % 80 % Cullinan Amber Corp. Partially-owned Subsidiary December 2019 52 % 90 % Cullinan Florentine Corp. Partially-owned Subsidiary December 2019 66 % 92 % (3) Cullinan MICA Corp. Partially-owned Subsidiary May 2020 24 % (4) 24 % (4) (1) Ownership percentages are reflected on a fully-diluted basis. (2) In November 2020, the board of directors of Cullinan Pearl, Cullinan Amber, and Cullinan Florentine terminated
their respective stock option and grant plan and the remaining shares reserved for issuance under each respective stock option and grant plan were retired to the status of authorized and unissued shares. (3) Reflects the closing of the second tranche of the Series A Preferred Stock financing of Cullinan Florentine,
which occurred on December 16, 2020, and the issuance of common stock of Cullinan Florentine to DKFZ and UFE on December 18, 2020. (4) Cullinan Oncology, LLC’s, or the LLC entity’s, ownership will increase to 48%, on a fully-diluted
basis, upon completion of the remaining two tranches of Series A financing and are subject to the determination of Cullinan MICA’s board. See “—Cullinan MICA” below for additional information. 106 Table of Contents Cullinan Apollo Cullinan Apollo, incorporated in November 2018, is our partially-owned operating subsidiary that was formed around VK-2019. In December 2018, Cullinan Apollo licensed the exclusive worldwide rights to VK-2019, an Epstein-Barr Nuclear Antigen 1 (EBNA1) inhibitor, from The Wistar Institute,
or Wistar. Cullinan Apollo also entered into a Collaborative Research Agreement with Wistar to continue preclinical research and development of VK-2019. In May 2020, Cullinan Apollo discontinued development of VK-2019 and terminated its license and collaboration agreements with Wistar. Cullinan Pearl Cullinan Pearl, incorporated in November 2018, is our partially-owned operating subsidiary that has exclusive worldwide rights,
excluding Japan, to CLN-081, our orally available small molecule designed as a next generation, irreversible EGFR inhibitor that is in development for the treatment of NSCLC patients with EGFR exon 20
insertion mutations. In February 2019, Cullinan Pearl entered into a licensing and collaboration agreement with Taiho Pharmaceutical, Co., Ltd., or Taiho Pharma, for the worldwide rights to CLN-081 outside of Japan, which Taiho Pharma retained. As
of November 30, 2020, the LLC entity and Taiho Ventures, LLC, or Taiho Ventures, have purchased an aggregate of $23.0 million in Series A preferred stock of Cullinan Pearl. Specifically, in February 2019, Cullinan Pearl issued to Taiho Ventures
1,860,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at a price of $1.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of $1,860,000. In August 2020, at the election of the board of directors of Cullinan Pearl, Cullinan Pearl closed its sub