You should read the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 11 and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq Global Market symbol “CGTX” The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 22,597,907 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2022, and excludes: • 3,350,614 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options as of June 30, 2022, with a weighted-average exercise price of $3.02 per share; ​ • 2,350,068 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, or 2021 Plan, plus any future increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance; and ​ • 209,532 shares of our common stock reserved for future issuance under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, plus any future increases, including annual automatic evergreen increases, in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our ESPP. ​ Except otherwise indicated, the information in this prospectus assumes no exercise of the outstanding options and no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock. 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, and those discussed under the section entitled “Risk Factors” contained in our 2021 Annual Report and our 2022 Quarterly Reports, together with other information in this prospectus, the information and documents incorporated by reference herein, and in any free writing prospectus that we have authorized for use in connection with this offering. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Needs We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with no products approved for commercial sale and have incurred significant losses since our inception in 2007. We expect to incur significant losses over the foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. Since our inception, we have incurred significant net losses, and we expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. Our net losses were $11.7 million and $7.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $94.0 million. Our net losses were $9.6 million and $1.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of June 30, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of $103.6 million. Our clinical trials have been funded by approximately $171.0 million in cumulative nondilutive grants, awarded primarily by the National Institute of Aging, or NIA, a division of the National Institutes of Health. On October 13, 2021, we closed our initial public offering, or IPO, whereby we received net proceeds of $37.9 million, excluding net proceeds from the overallotment exercise. On November 12, 2021, we received $6.3 million of net proceeds resulting from the exercise of the overallotment option. We have no products approved for commercialization and have never generated any revenue from product sales. We have devoted substantially all of our financial resources and efforts to the development of our product candidates, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. We expect that it could be several years, if ever, before we have a commercialized product. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we: • conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials of CT1812, as well as initiate and complete additional clinical trials; ​ • pursue regulatory approval of CT1812 for the treatment of mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease, or AD, dry age-related macular degeneration, or dry AMD, and Parkinson’s disease, or PD, and dementia with Lewy bodies, or DLB, and other age-related degenerative diseases and disorders of the central nervous system, or CNS, and retina; ​ • seek to discover and develop additional clinical and preclinical product candidates using Novel Improved Conditioned Extraction, or NICE, screening platform; ​ • adapt our regulatory compliance efforts to incorporate requirements applicable to marketed products; ​ • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; ​ • hire additional clinical, manufacturing and scientific personnel; ​ • add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; ​ • incur additional legal, accounting and other expenses in operating as a public company; ​ • scale up our clinical and regulatory capabilities; and ​ • establish a commercialization infrastructure and scale up external manufacturing and distribution capabilities to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval, including CT1812. ​ 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing product candidates that generate significant revenue. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval, and manufacturing, marketing and selling any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval, as well as discovering and developing additional product candidates. We are only in the preliminary stages of most of these activities. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate any revenue or revenue that is significant enough to achieve profitability. Even if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our development efforts, obtain product approvals, diversify our offerings or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. We have not yet completed Phase 2 clinical trials and have no history of commercializing products, which may make it difficult for an investor to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. We commenced operations in 2007, and our operations to date have been largely focused on developing our clinical and preclinical product candidates and our Novel, Improved Conditioned Extraction, or NICE, screening platform. To date, we have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete pivotal clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture a product on a commercial scale, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a history of successfully developing and commercializing products. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known or unknown factors in achieving our business objectives. We may also need to transition from a company with a research focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. Our inability to adequately address these risks and difficulties or successfully make such a transition could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. We will need substantial additional capital to meet our financial obligations in the future and to pursue our business objectives. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to curtail our planned operations and the pursuit of our growth strategy. Our operations have required substantial amounts of capital since inception, and we expect our expenses to increase significantly in the foreseeable future. Identifying potential product candidates and conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain regulatory approval and achieve product sales. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years as we complete our ongoing clinical trials of our product candidates, initiate future clinical trials of our product candidates, seek marketing approval for CT1812 for the treatment of age-related degenerative diseases and disorders of the CNS and retina, such as AD, dry AMD, PD and DLB, and advance any of our other product candidates we may develop or otherwise acquire. In addition, our product candidates, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our revenue, if any, will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for the foreseeable future, if at all. If we obtain marketing approval for CT1812 or any other product candidates that we develop or otherwise acquire, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing. We also expect an increase in