. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. 43 Table of Contents The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the Trust Account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a business combination with. Pursuant to the NASDAQ listing rules, the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance of the funds in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts and commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account and less any interest earned thereon that is released to us for our taxes) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete a business combination. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. If NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange after this offering, we would not be required to satisfy the fair market value requirement described above and could complete a business combination with a target business having a fair market value substantially below 80% of the balance in the Trust Account. Our ability to successfully effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key -man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place or be hired after consummation of the business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time -consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Our officers and directors may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. As our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, we may consummate a business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding a business combination. If we become aware of a potential business combination outside of the geographic location or industry where our officers and directors have the most experience, our management may retain consultants and advisors with experience in such industries to assist in the evaluation of such business combination and in our determination of whether or not to proceed with such a business combination. However, our management is not required to engage consultants 44 Table of Contents or advisors in any situation. If they do not engage any consultants or advisors to assist them in the evaluation of a particular target business or business combination, our management may not properly analyze the risks attendant with such target business or business combination. Even if our management does engage consultants or advisors to assist in the evaluation of a particular target business or business combination, we cannot assure you that such consultants or advisors will properly analyze the risks attendant with such target business or business combination. As a result, we may enter into a business combination that is not in our shareholders’ best interests. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel will be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements or other arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Our officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses and may become officers or directors of other special purpose acquisition companies including a special purpose acquisition company that certain of our directors are currently serving as officer and directors of, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs and whether to present a target to us instead of our competitors. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors have fiduciary duties to dedicate substantially all their business time to their respective affairs and their respective portfolio companies. However, this responsibility does not require any of our officers or directors to commit his or her full time to our affairs in particular, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses, including other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation. Furthermore, our officer and directors may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act even before we enter a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination. We do not intend to have any full -time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, each of our officers and certain of our directors are employed by or affiliated with our founders, which makes investments in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries we may target for our initial business combination. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs; or if they have fiduciary duty to present a target company to our competitor instead of us, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, see “ Management — Conflicts of Interest ” on page 119 of this prospectus. Our officers and directors have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors have pre -existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies, including other companies that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, our officers and directors may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be 