—We are Subject to Certain Environmental Laws and the Cost of Compliance Could Adversely Affect our Business." Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial
reports or prevent fraud, among other material adverse consequences, our operating results could be misstated and our reputation may be harmed. Prior to our initial public offering in
December 2004, we operated four primary independent privately held S-corporations and single purpose limited liability companies, or LLC. In the past we had produced audited
individual S-corporation and a number of LLC financial statements that did not contemplate eliminations for inter-company transactions. Early in the process of preparing for our initial
public offering, we recognized the need to produce audited combined
consolidated financial statements. After having produced combined consolidated financial statement for the four S-corporations, it was decided that based on a disparity of ownership
between the shareholders (which we determined represented a substantive exchange) we would, upon consolidation, need to treat Comstock Service as an acquired company for accounting purposes and
therefore we produced a separate audit for that company. We then produced combined consolidated financial statements for the remaining three S-corporations, the Predecessor. Prior
to our initial public offering, we had never needed to produce audited combined financial statements for the Predecessor. As a result, we did not maintain a system of internal
controls that was adequate for producing combined consolidated financial statements such as those that would be needed as a public company. In preparing the audited financial statements included in
this prospectus we modified several of our policies and procedures and created numerous new policies and procedures to remedy problems identified with our internal control structure that existed prior
to December 31, 2003. Subsequent to December 31, 2003, we have, among other things, supplemented our accounting staff with, among others, a Chief Financial Officer (promoted from Vice
President of Finance), a Chief Accounting Officer, a Corporate Controller and an Assistant Controller, to attempt to establish an infrastructure appropriate for reporting as a public company. In
connection with the audit of the combined consolidated financial statements of the Predecessor for the three years ended December 31, 2003, in July 2004 our independent
registered public accounting firm reported to our board of directors several matters that are "reportable conditions" and "material weaknesses" that existed in our internal controls as defined in
standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. In general, reportable conditions are significant deficiencies in our internal controls that, if not addressed, could
adversely affect our ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements. A material weakness is a reportable
condition in which internal controls do not reduce to a low level the risk that undetected misstatements caused by error or fraud may occur in amounts that are material to audited financial
statements. The
conditions resulting in the material weaknesses gave rise to a number of adjustments under generally acceptable accounting principles, and adjustments relating to the completeness
and accuracy of certain underlying data, which materially changed the Predecessor's financial statements between initial presentation and issued audit. The material weaknesses, as reported in
July 2004 to our board of directors in connection with their audit of the financial statements of the Predecessor for the three years ended December 31, 2003, are summarized below: • Our
accounting system had significant limitations with respect to the process of preparing combined consolidated financial statements. In response to this recommendation, as
of September 2004, we have designed a series of tools to work with our existing accounting system which have the ability to generate more detailed reporting for the purpose of producing 31 combined
consolidated financial statements. We have initiated a search for a new accounting software platform that will better serve our needs as a public company. This search is being lead by our
Chief Accounting Officer with assistance from our Director of Information Technology. • Our
policies and procedures with respect to record retention were deemed inadequate. In addition, we needed to enhance our policies and procedures with respect to the formal
review and documentation by management of business performance. In response to this recommendation we have initiated a formal policy for records retention and documentation by management of business
performance. Subsequent to December 31, 2003, we began producing quarterly fluctuation reports and management discussion of the results of operations. We have formed a Disclosure Committee
comprised of senior managers and initiated an internal reporting procedure for senior management that is to be completed prior to the release of financial statements in an effort to assure
completeness of information with respect to the analyses prepared. The process of internal and external reporting is overseen by our Chief Financial Officer. • We
needed to increase and improve our in-house accounting staff in preparation for the requirements of financial reporting as a public company. Subsequent to
December 31, 2003, we promoted our Vice President of Finance to the position of Chief Financial Officer and hired a Chief Accounting Officer with extensive public company reporting experience.
We reassigned the responsibility for accounting to our Chief Accounting Officer with day-to-day oversight by our Chief Financial Officer. In addition, we created the position
of Assistant Controller to work closely with the Corporate Controller who had been hired in late November 2003. We believe this additional staff, along with additional staff level personnel,
provides the resources necessary to remedy the deficiencies in our controls identified by our independent registered public accounting firm. We have retained internal auditors and consultants to work
closely with our Chief Accounting Officer to prepare for compliance under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We have a timeline which provides us an opportunity to conduct internal audits
of our controls and procedures prior to December 31, 2005, when we will be subject to an audit of our internal controls and procedures. • Our
policies and procedures with respect to the capitalization of selling, general and administrative costs as real estate held for development and sale and released into
cost of sales at settlement were deemed to be inaccurate. The result of the inaccurate capitalization of selling, general and administrative expenses was that accurate reporting of expenses was
delayed. Since the three-year audit presented herein is the first combined consolidated audit of the Predecessor, there was no restatement associated with this change in policy and
procedure. We have
adjusted our policy with respect to the capitalization and recognition of selling, general and administrative expenses. The effect of this change in policy was on timing of profit recognition and
resulted in increased gross margins from previously reported non-consolidated financial statements. This change in policy was effected historically throughout our three-year
audited combined consolidated financial statements for the period ending December 31, 2003. • Our
policies and procedures for accruals with respect to period end cut-off were deemed to be insufficient to properly present our financial position with
respect to accrued expenses. The result of the inaccurate accrual and release of completion expenses was that accurate reporting of profits was delayed. This change in policy affected the timing of
reported profits, not cumulative reported profits. Since the three-year audit presented herein is the first combined consolidated audit of the Predecessor there was no restatement
associated with this change in policy and procedure. We adjusted our policy with respect to accruals for estimable and probable expenses associated with unit settlements. We have established formal
procedures for reviewing these estimates on a quarterly basis for completeness. This change in policy was effected 32 retroactively
and is reflected in our three-year audited combined consolidated financial statements. • Our
policies and procedures with respect to the approval and documentation of related party transactions needed to be formalized so that we could ensure the fairness of
these transactions and proper inclusion of these transactions in our financial statements. We have adopted a new procedure for presenting all related party transactions to our board of directors and
our audit committee for approval. Our procedure requires that our Chief Financial Officer, assuming he is not party to the related party transaction, coordinate with the independent members of our
board of directors and audit committee in evaluating the fairness of related party transactions. We
believe that the remedial measures described above address the material weaknesses identified by our independent registered public accounting firm. We were able to accurately report
our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2004 and the three months ended March 31, 2005 without any reportable conditions or material weaknesses
having been reported, and we believe that we will continue to be able to accurately report on a timely basis our financial condition and results of operations. However, the process of designing and
implementing effective intern