Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
    You should consider carefully the following risk factors and the
    other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated
    financial statements and related notes to those statements,
    before you decide to invest in our common stock. If any of the
    following risks actually occur, our business, financial
    condition or results of operations could be adversely affected.
    As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline
    and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Relating to
    Our Business and Industry Our success
    depends to a significant extent upon general economic
    conditions, including disposable income levels and changes in
    consumer discretionary spending. We, together with the rest of the foodservice distribution
    industry, depend significantly upon consumer discretionary
    spending. Because our target customers operate principally
    within the fine dining and more expensive segment of the dining
    and culinary market, our business is more exposed to reductions
    in discretionary spending than our larger, more traditional
    broadline distributor competitors who focus a significant amount
    of their efforts on servicing the casual dining and quick
    service segments of the restaurant industry. The recent
    recession, coupled with high unemployment rates, reduced home
    values, increases in home foreclosures, investment losses,
    personal bankruptcies, reduced access to credit and reduced
    consumer confidence, has adversely impacted consumers’
    ability and willingness to spend discretionary dollars. Economic
    conditions may remain volatile and may continue to repress
    consumer confidence and discretionary spending for the near
    term. If the weak economy continues for a prolonged period of
    time or worsens, consumers may choose to spend discretionary
    dollars less frequently which could result in a decline in
    consumers’ purchases of food-away-from-home, particularly
    in more expensive restaurants, and, consequently, the businesses
    of our customers by, among other things, reducing the frequency
    with which our customers’ customers choose to dine out or
    the amount they spend on meals while dining out. If independent
    restaurant and fine dining establishment sales decrease, our
    profitability could decline as we spread fixed costs across a
    lower volume of sales. Moreover, we believe that, if the current
    negative economic conditions persist for an extended period of
    time or become more pervasive, consumers might ultimately make
    long-lasting changes to their discretionary spending behavior,
    including dining out less frequently on a permanent basis.
    Accordingly, adverse changes to consumer preferences or consumer
    discretionary spending, each of which could be affected by many
    different factors which are out of our control, could harm our
    business, financial condition or results of operations. Our
    continued success will depend in part upon our ability to
    anticipate, identify and respond to changing economic and other
    conditions and the impact that they may have on discretionary
    consumer spending. Conditions
    beyond our control could materially affect the cost and/or
    availability of our specialty food products and/or interrupt our
    distribution network. Our profitability and operating margins are dependent upon,
    among other things, our ability to anticipate and react to any
    interruptions in our distribution network and changes to food
    costs and availability. We obtain a significant portion of our
    specialty food products from local, regional, national and
    international third-party suppliers. We generally do not enter
    into long-term contracts with our suppliers whereby they would
    be committed to provide products to us for any appreciable
    duration of time. Although our purchasing volume can provide
    leverage when dealing with suppliers, particularly smaller
    suppliers for whom we may be their largest customer, suppliers
    may not provide or may be unable to provide the specialty food
    products we need in the quantities and at the times and prices
    we request. Failure to identify an alternate source of supply
    for these items or comparable products that meet our
    customers’ expectations may result in significant cost
    increases. Additionally, weather, governmental regulation,
    availability and seasonality may affect our food costs or cause
    a disruption in the quantity of our supply. For example, weather
    patterns in recent years have resulted in lower than normal
    levels of rainfall in key agricultural states such as
    California, impacting the price of water and the corresponding
    prices of food products grown in states facing drought
    conditions. Additionally, the route-to-market for some of the products we sell, such as baking chocolate,
    depends upon the stability of political climates in developing
    nations, such as the Ivory Coast. In such countries, political
    and social unrest may cause the prices for these products to
    rise to levels beyond those that our customers are willing to
    pay, if the product is available at all. If we are unable to
    obtain these products, our customers may seek a different
    supplier for these, or other, products which could negatively
    impact our business, financial condition or results of
    operations. 11 Table of Contents We do not currently use financial instruments to hedge our risk
    exposure to market fluctuations in the price of food products.
    Similarly, our suppliers may also be affected by higher costs to
    source or produce and transport food products, as well as by
    other related expenses that they pass through to their
    customers, which could result in higher costs for the specialty
    food products they supply to us. Our inability to anticipate and
    react to changing food costs through our sourcing and purchasing
    practices in the future could therefore negatively impact our
    business, financial condition or results of operations. We are also subject to material supply chain interruptions based
    upon conditions outside of our control. These interruptions
    could include work slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes or
    other adverse employment actions taken by employees of
    suppliers, short-term weather conditions or more prolonged
    climate change, crop conditions, product recalls, water
    shortages, transportation interruptions within our distribution
    channels, unavailability of fuel or increases in fuel costs,
    competitive demands and natural disasters or other catastrophic
    events, such as food-borne illnesses or bioterrorism. The
    efficiency and effectiveness of our distribution network is
    dependent upon our suppliers’ ability to consistently
    deliver the specialty food products we need in the quantities
    and at the times and prices we request. Accordingly, if we are
    unable to obtain the specialty food products that comprise our
    product portfolio in a timely manner as a result of any of the
    foregoing factors or otherwise, we may be unable to fulfill our
    obligations to customers who may, as a result of any such
    failure, resort to other distributors for their food product
    needs. Our business
    is a low-margin business and our profit margins may be sensitive
    to inflationary and deflationary pressures. We operate within a segment of the foodservice distribution
    industry, which is an industry characterized by a high volume of
    sales with relatively low profit margins. Although our profit
    margins are typically higher than more traditional broadline
    foodservice distributors, they are still relatively low compared
    to other industries’ profit margins. Most of our sales are
    at prices that are based upon product cost plus a percentage
    markup. As a result, volatile food costs have a direct impact
    upon our profitability. Prolonged periods of product cost
    inflation may have a negative impact on our profit margins and
    results of operations to the extent we are unable to pass on all
    or a portion of such product cost increases to our customers. In
    addition, product cost inflation may negatively impact consumer
    discretionary spending decisions within our customers’
    establishments, which could adversely impact our sales.
    Conversely, because most of our sales are at prices that are
    based upon product cost plus a percentage markup, our profit
    levels may be negatively impacted during periods of product cost
    deflation even though our gross profit as a percentage of sales
    may remain relatively constant. To compensate for lower gross
    margins, we, in turn, must reduce the expenses that we incur to
    service our customers. Our inability to effectively price our
    specialty food products, to quickly respond to inflationary and
    deflationary cost pressures and to reduce our expenses could
    have a material adverse impact on our business, financial
    condition or results of operations. Group
    purchasing organizations may become more active in our industry
    and increase their efforts to add our customers as members of
    these organizations. Some of our customers, including a majority of our hotel
    customers, purchase their products from us through group
    purchasing organizations. These organizations have increased
    their efforts to aggregate the purchasing power of smaller,
    independent restaurants in an effort to lower the prices paid by
    these customers on their foodservice orders, and we have
    experienced some pricing pressure from these purchasers. If
    these group purchasing organizations are able to add a
    significant number