Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. If any of the risks described below actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. Chime is a technology company, not a bank. Banking services are provided by The Bancorp Bank, N.A. or Stride Bank, N.A.; Members FDIC. We are not a Member of the FDIC, and FDIC-insured accounts are provided by our bank partners. Risks Related to Our Business We may be unable to attract and retain Active Members, and maintain and increase the revenue we generate from our Active Members, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have experienced rapid growth since inception. As we continue to grow and our business matures, our rate of revenue growth is likely to decline, and it may decline more quickly than we expect for a variety of reasons, including the risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. Our future growth depends in part upon attracting and retaining Active Members. Our future growth also depends in part on maintaining and increasing the revenue we generate from our Active Members, including by increasing ARPAM through maintaining and expanding use of our existing products and driving adoption of new products. We may be unable to attract new Active Members to our platform, retain new or existing Active Members, or maintain and expand our Active Members’ use of our products cost-effectively, at the rate that we expect or at all. Our Active Members have no obligation to continue to use our products and we cannot assure you that they will. A number of factors may negatively affect Active Member growth and their use and adoption of our products, including if we are unable to introduce compelling products. Active Member growth and their use and adoption of our products may also be negatively affected by changes to our systems, processes, or other technical or operational requirements that impact how members access or use our products, technical or other problems that affect member experience, changes in the regulatory environment or regulations applicable to us, increased competition from traditional, online-only, or emerging financial services or financial technology companies, and harm to our brand. In addition, some products and features, including Get Paid Early, SpotMe, MyPay, Instant Loans, and Chime+, are currently available only to members who make qualifying direct deposits, such as direct depositing their paychecks, through Chime, which may limit our ability to grow these products and increase the revenue we generate from them. In addition, we have invested and expect to continue to invest in product innovation to attract and retain Active Members and increase ARPAM. These investments may not generate the desired growth in Active Members or lead to increased adoption or usage of our products, or do so cost-effectively. From time to time, we have taken and may in the future take actions intended to drive new Active Member growth, such as removing qualifying direct deposit requirements for certain products or making changes to how accounts can be funded. While these initiatives have resulted and may result in additional new Active Members who initially exhibit lower engagement and reduced levels of ARPAM, we believe these initiatives will enable us to increase overall Active Members and revenue in the long term. Further, the Company has invested in Chime Enterprise, including through the acquisition of Salt Labs, Inc. (“Salt Labs”), to access a large pipeline of potential new members at an efficient cost to drive continued Active Member growth. If Chime Enterprise, including Chime Workplace, does not drive new Active Member growth at the levels we expect or at all, or if Active Members added through Chime Enterprise engage differently with our platform than other members, we may not see returns on these investments. We also depend in part on the use of digital marketing channels to acquire new members, the availability and affordability of which are subject to a variety of factors, including the demand for search terms or display prominence we may bid on these platforms to achieve, and such cost may limit the effectiveness of these programs. 22 Table of Contents If we fail to attract and retain Active Members or maintain and increase the revenue we generate from our Active Members, or do the foregoing cost-effectively, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our relationships with our bank partners are crucial to our business, and we may be unable to maintain our relationship with either of our bank partners, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on our bank partners to provide the banking services offered through our platform, such as opening and maintaining member bank accounts, issuing Chime-branded debit and credit cards, and providing short term loans to our members to support the liquidity products offered through our platform. Our relationships with our bank partners are a crucial part of our business as we do not have a banking license. Our relationships with our bank partners are governed by several agreements. These agreements give our bank partners discretion in approving aspects of our business practices, including our application and qualification procedures for members and the products we introduce pursuant to such partnerships, and require us to comply with certain risk management standards and other regulations. If we lose our relationships with our bank partners and we are not able to switch to other bank partners, we will not be able to operate our business in its current form. If a bank partner terminates our agreement with them or is unable or unwilling to process member transactions for any reason, including for regulatory reasons, we would need to switch some or all of our member transactions or accounts from the terminating bank to another bank, including to our other bank partner or to one or more new bank partners. Switching a significant portion or all of our member accounts handled by one or both of our bank partners to another bank partner or partners, including contracting with additional banks, may take time and may increase the complexity of our operations, resulting in significant additional costs and diverting management’s attention from other aspects of our business. We partner with The Bancorp Bank, N.A. (“Bancorp”) pursuant to a master services agreement (as amended, the “Bancorp MSA”) and with Stride Bank, N.A. (“Stride”) pursuant to two main agreements: an amended and restated agreement covering debit card issuance and private label checking and savings accounts (the “Stride Debit Agreement”), and a secured credit card issuing and marketing agreement for secured credit card programs (as amended, the “Stride Credit Agreement” and together with the Stride Debit Agreement, the “Stride Agreements”). The Bancorp MSA has an initial 60-month term ending in July 2028, while the Stride Agreements each have initial 36-month terms ending in November 2025. Our bank partner agreements automatically renew for successive one-year periods unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal, which can be provided without cause to the other party at least 365 days, in the case of the Bancorp MSA, and at least 180 days, in the case of the Stride Agreements, prior to the end of any such term, or unless earlier terminated for cause. We and our bank partners can terminate the bank partner agreements early for cause upon the occurrence of certain early termination events, subject to certain fees that may be owed by Chime. In the event a bank partner agreement is terminated without cause, we can elect, subject to regulatory approval, to engage in a plan to transition our products to a successor bank partner or to develop a wind-down plan. In both cases, parties are contractually obligated to ensure a smooth transition or wind-down for our members, but we cannot guarantee the outcome of such transition or wind-down. In addition to the Bancorp MSA, Stride Agreements, and their addenda, we and/or our subsidiaries are party to certain other agreements with our bank partners. For more information related to our agreements with our bank partners, see the section titled “Business—Bank Partnerships.” Further, we earn the substantial majority of our revenue through interchange-based fees when our members use their Chime-branded debit or credit cards. See the risk factor titled “Changes in rules and practices regarding interchange fees, card network fees, and other fees and assessments may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.” We are dependent on our bank partners’ compliance with card network requirements. We also depend in part on the maintenance of our bank partners’ qualification for the small issuer exemption, which exempts certain banks from the regulated limitations on debit card interchange fees imposed by the Durbin Amendment (the “Durbin Amendment”) to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer P