You should carefully read the Section “ Risk Factors ” in this prospectus for a discussion of factors that you should consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. The number of shares of our Common Stock that will be outstanding immediately after this offering is based on 4,096,751 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of June 23, 2021 and excludes 30,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”); each share of the Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder thereof to ten (10) shares of Common Stock. 12 RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected the value of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH WE OPERATE CoJax has no operating history with revenue-generating operations, and Barrister has a limited history of owning and operating oil and gas exploration and production operations . Since its incorporation in November 2017, CoJax has never had any revenue-generating operations. Although we acquired Barrister’s business pursuant to the Acquisition on November 17, 2020, Barrister’s drilling operations are minimal and commenced in 2019.  There is insufficient operating history for investors to adequately evaluate these companies as an oil and gas production company, either combined or as separate entities. While Barrister Oil Rights have a longer history of production, that history was minimal in terms of production and does not reveal the potential oil production and profitability of Barrister Oil Rights. The lack of operating history increases the risk of investing in the shares of our Common Stock.  Further, the lack of a more extensive operating history may discourage lenders or funding sources from providing working capital to CoJax or Barrister.  There is no assurance that the Barrister Oil Rights will produce oil on a profitable basis, even with deep drilling rigs.  Investors should carefully consider the lack or operating history of CoJax and Barrister and the lack of any significant oil production from the Barrister Oil Rights prior to making an investment decision to invest in the Company. We are entering a highly competitive and highly capital-intensive industry, and any oil production may be insufficient to fund, sustain, or expand revenue-generating operations . The oil drilling exploration and production business are capital intensive due to the cost of experienced personnel; equipment and other assets required to drill, produce and store oil; regulatory compliance costs; potential liability exposures and financial impact; and risk of unpredictable volatility in oil market prices and predatory pricing by competitors.  Drilling requires an upfront payment of operational costs with no guarantee that actual oil production will cover such expenses.  “Dry” holes for the first and/or second oil wells could deplete any available funding raised by the Company and render the Company insolvent.  The actual amount and timing of our future capital expenditures may differ materially from our estimates as a result of, among other things, market oil prices, actual drilling results, the availability of drilling rigs and other services and equipment, and regulatory, technological, and competitive developments.  Neither CoJax nor Barrister has cash flow or cash reserves sufficient to fund more extensive and deep drilling on Barrister Oil Rights.  While we will seek such funding, there can be assurances that we can obtain funding that will be sufficient to fund deep drill wells, which are needed to produce any significant levels of oil production. Future cash flow from our operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including: (i) the market prices at which our oil production is sold; (ii) our proved reserves; (iii) the level of hydrocarbons we can produce from any future oil wells; (iv) our ability to acquire, locate and produce new oil reserves; (v) the levels of our operating expenses; (vi) reduction and stabilization of the impact of COVID-19 pandemic’s ongoing disruption of and reduction in the U.S. and global demand for oil. 13 Due to our contractor model of operations, we will be vulnerable to any inability to engage or retain qualified operational personnel for new or existing drilling operations. Our operation plan depends on a teaming/contractor approach to operate oil rigs.  We may be unable to locate or retain a sufficient number of qualified independent contractors to operate a new or existing oil rigs.  Finding and engaging qualified independent contractors will be essential to commencing, expanding, and sustaining drilling operations. Since we will, in all likelihood, depend on one or two new oil rigs at the start of operations after raising sufficient working capital, any inability to engage or retain qualified independent contractors would be potentially fatal to our efforts to establish increased revenue-generating operations. The use of independent contractors also poses the risk of such personnel leaving for more lucrative opportunities with competitors or other oil producers. Many of our competitors can afford more lucrative compensation packages for qualified personnel. We lack the resources to effectively compete against larger competitors for operational personnel, especially against competitors with liquid public markets for their capital stock and the ability to offer attractive stock-based incentive compensation. Loss of key operational personnel could cause suspension of any expanded drilling operations. The Company does not have key-man insurance or the available cash to easily employ or engage experienced, full time outside senior management personnel. The loss of key personnel, including operational personnel of COP used to manage Barrister’s oil production business, or COP’s refusal to continue to manage Barrister oil drilling and production, could undermine the Company’s ability to manage operations and implement the Company’s business plan. If Barrister produces oil on a more extensive and regular basis from enhanced drilling operations, the marketability of oil production will be dependent upon transportation and other facilities, certain of which Barrister does not control. If these facilities are unavailable, our operations could be interrupted, and our revenues reduced. The marketability of oil production will depend upon the availability, proximity, and capacity of transportation facilities owned by third parties. Any oil production will be transported from the wellhead to gathering systems. The oil is then transported by the purchaser by truck or other means to a transportation facility. Neither CoJax nor Barrister will control most of these third-party transportation means and facilities, and access to them may be limited or denied. If in the future, the Company is unable, for any sustained period, to implement acceptable delivery or transportation arrangements or encounter production related difficulties, it may be required to shut in or curtail production. Any such shut-in or curtailment, or an inability to obtain favorable terms for delivery of the oil produced, would materially and adversely affect our efforts to attain or sustain revenues from operations and improved future financial condition and results of operations. With any expanded oil exploration and drilling, we will eventually need to replace existing oil reserves with new oil reserves and develop those oil reserves. Failing that, oil reserves and production will decline, which would adversely affect future cash flows and results of operations. Once we increase oil production, then producing oil reservoirs generally will be characterized by declining production rates that vary depending upon oil reservoir characteristics and other factors. Unless the Company conducts successful ongoing exploration and development activities or continually acquires properties containing proved reserves, proved reserves would decline as those reserves are produced. Future reserves and production, and therefore future cash flow and results of operations, are highly dependent on the success in efficiently developing current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable oil reserves. We may not be able to develop, find, or acquire sufficient additional reserves to replace our current and future production. If we are unable to replace current and future oil production, the value of existing reserves will decrease, and business, financial condition, and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. Seismic studies do not guarantee that oil or hydrocarbons are present or, if present, will produce in economic quantities. 14 Oil exploration and production companies, like we are, rely on seismic studies to assist in assessing prospective drilling opportunities on oil and gas properties, as well as on properties that a company may acquire. Such seismic studies are merely an interpretive tool and do not necessarily guarantee that hydrocarbons are present or, if present, will produce in economic or profitable quantities. A substantial percentage of Barrister’s proved reserves consist of undeveloped reserves. As of the end of the 2020 fiscal year, approximately 95% of Barrister’s proved reserves were classified as proved undeveloped reserves. These reserves may not ultimately