An
investment in our shares of common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks summarized below. These
risks are discussed more fully in the “ Risk Factors ” section immediately following this Prospectus Summary. These
risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Risks
Related to the Company and Our Business ● We
    are a rapidly growing company with a relatively limited operating history, which may result in increased risks, uncertainties, expenses,
    and difficulties, and makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects. 8 ● We
    track certain operational metrics, which are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in
    such metrics may harm our reputation and adversely affect our stock price, business, results of operations, and financial condition. ● We
    are subject to concentration risk. ● We
    depend on our executive team and other employees to manage the business and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability
    to attract and retain highly skilled employees could materially harm our business. ● Our
    management team has limited experience managing a public company. ● Although
    dependent on certain key personnel, the Company does not have any key man life insurance policies on any such people. ● We
    have a limited sales force and may be dependent on the proceeds of this offering to fund additional sales personnel. ● Our
    expansion into India and Korea exposes us to the risks of operating in emerging and foreign markets, which may materially adversely
    affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks
Related to Regulatory Environment and Taxation ● We
    operate in a heavily regulated environment and maintain a number of licenses essential to our operations. If we were to fail to maintain
    such licenses, our operations may be materially and negatively affected. ● We
    have made significant estimates and judgments in calculating our income tax provision and other tax assets and liabilities. If these
    estimates or judgments are incorrect, our operating results and financial condition may be materially affected. ● Changes
    in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks
Related To Ownership of Our Common Stock ● We
    may not have access to the full amount available under the ELOC Purchase Agreement with Hexstone. ● It
    is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we will sell under the ELOC Purchase Agreement to the selling stockholder,
    or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. ● The
    requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract
    and retain qualified board members. ● Our
    management has broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from this offering. ● We
    may issue additional debt and equity securities, which are senior to our common stock as to distributions and in liquidation, which
    could materially adversely affect the market price of our securities. ● Our
    potential future earnings and cash distributions to our stockholders may affect the market price of our common stock. Risks Related To This Offering ● The sale of the shares of common stock acquired by the Selling Stockholder,
    or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to decrease. ● Hexstone will pay less than the then-prevailing market price for
    our Common Stock, which could cause the price of our Common Stock to decline. ● Issuances of our Common Stock to Hexstone has caused and will continue
    to cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and the price of our Common Stock to decline. 9 Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company We
are an “emerging growth company” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities
Act”), and we may remain an emerging growth company for up to five years following the closing of this offering. For so long as
we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on certain exemptions from various public company reporting
requirements, including not being required to have our internal control over financial reporting audited by our independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In particular, in this
prospectus, we have provided only two years of audited financial statements and have not included all of the executive compensation-related
information that would be required if we were not an emerging growth company. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different
from the information you receive from other public companies in which you hold stock. In
addition, the federal securities laws provide that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for
complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of some accounting
standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected this exemption from new or revised
accounting standards, and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same requirements to adopt new or revised accounting standards as
other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We
would cease to be an “emerging growth company” upon the earliest to occur of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which
we have $1.235 billion or more in annual revenue, (ii) the date on which we first qualify as a large accelerated filer under the rules
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), (iii) the date on which we have, in any three-year period,
issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities, and (iv) the last day of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary
of this offering. Implications
of Being a Smaller Reporting Company We
are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”), and may continue to qualify as such even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. We may take advantage
of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies until the fiscal year following the determination that
our voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates is more than $250 million measured on the last business day of our second
fiscal quarter, or our annual revenues are less than $100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our voting and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. As a result
of qualifying as a smaller reporting company, to the extent we take advantage of the allowable reduced reporting burdens, the information
that we provide to our stockholders may be different than what you might receive from other public reporting companies in which you hold
equity interests. 10 The
Offering Shares
    of common stock offered by the Selling Stockholder: Up
    to 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock, which may be issued pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. Selling
    Stockholder: Hexstone
    Capital, LLC Shares
    of common stock outstanding after this offering: 10,481,069
    shares, assuming that all shares of Common Stock offered pursuant to this prospectus are sold.