” beginning on page 13. 31 HOW
WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING Although
we cannot determine what the actual net offering proceeds will be until the offering is completed, we estimate that the net proceeds
will be between $31.4 million and $42.8 million, or $49.4 million if the offering range is increased by 15.0%. We
intend to distribute the net proceeds as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of 3,272,500 Shares 3,850,000 Shares 4,427,500 Shares 5,091,625 Shares (1) Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars
    in thousands) Gross offering proceeds $ 32,725 $ 38,500 $ 44,275 $ 50,916 Less: offering expenses (1,347 ) (1,395 ) (1,443 ) (1,498 ) Net offering proceeds $ 31,378 100.0 % $ 37,105 100.0 % $ 42,832 100.0 % $ 49,418 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: Proceeds contributed to St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank $ 15,689 50.0 % $ 18,553 50.0 % $ 21,416 50.0 % $ 24,709 50.0 % Loan to employee stock ownership plan 2,618 8.3 3,080 8.3 3,542 8.3 4,073 8.2 Proceeds retained by Catalyst Bancorp $ 13,071 41.7 % $ 15,473 41.7 % $ 17,874 41.7 % $ 20,636 41.8 % (1) As
                                         adjusted to give effect to an increase in the number of shares, which increase could
                                         occur due to a 15% increase in the offering range to reflect demand for the shares or
                                         changes in market conditions following the commencement of the offering. Payments
for shares of common stock made through withdrawals from existing deposit accounts will not result in the receipt of new funds
for investment but will reduce St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank’s deposits. The net proceeds may vary because total
expenses relating to the offering may be more or less than our estimates. For example, our expenses would increase if fewer shares
were sold in the subscription and community offerings and more in the syndicated offering than we have assumed. Catalyst
Bancorp may use the proceeds it retains from the offering: • to
                                         invest in securities; • for
                                         capital management strategies, including repurchases to fund stock-based benefit plans
                                         and additional stock repurchases, subject to regulatory limitations; • to
                                         finance the potential acquisitions of financial institutions or financial services companies,
                                         although we do not currently have any agreements or understandings regarding any specific
                                         acquisition transaction; and • for
                                         other general corporate purposes. See
 “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion of our expected dividend policy following the completion of the offering. Under
current federal regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of
the conversion, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and with prior regulatory approval, or except to fund the granting
of restricted stock awards or tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans. 32 St.
Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank may use the net proceeds it receives from the offering: • to
                                         fund new loans; • to
                                         invest in securities; • to
                                         expand its retail banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new branches or by acquiring
                                         other financial institutions or other financial services companies as opportunities arise,
                                         although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements to acquire a financial
                                         institution or other entity; and • for
                                         other general corporate purposes. Initially,
a substantial portion of the net proceeds will be invested in short-term investment securities of the type currently held by St.
Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank. We have not determined specific amounts of the net proceeds that would be used for the
purposes described above. The use of the proceeds outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited
to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, the attractiveness
and availability of potential acquisitions to expand our operations, and overall market conditions. We
expect our return on equity to be low until we are able to effectively deploy the additional capital raised in the offering. See
 “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Offering—We have broad discretion in using the proceeds of the offering.
Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance and the value of our
common stock” and “—Risks Related to the Offering—The capital we raise in the offering may negatively
impact our return on equity until we can fully implement our business plan. This could negatively affect the trading price of
our shares of common stock.” 33 OUR
DIVIDEND POLICY Following
completion of the stock offering, our board of directors will have the authority to declare dividends on our shares of common
stock. The board’s determination of whether to declare a dividend and the amount of any such dividend is subject to our
financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, capital requirements and available alternative uses for capital,
statutory and regulatory limitations, and general economic conditions. No decision has been made with respect to the amount, if
any, and timing of any dividend payments. We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends in the future, or, if dividends are
paid, that any such dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. The
source of dividends will depend on the net proceeds retained by Catalyst Bancorp and earnings thereon, and dividends from St.
Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank to Catalyst Bancorp. In addition, Catalyst Bancorp will be subject to state law limitations
and federal bank regulatory policy on the payment of dividends. Louisiana law generally limits dividends if the corporation would
not be able to pay its debts in the usual course of business after giving effect to the dividend or if the corporation’s
total assets would be less than the corporation’s total liabilities (subject to the amount necessary to satisfy the payment
due any shareholders with preferential rights). After
the completion of the conversion, St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank will not be permitted to pay dividends to Catalyst
Bancorp, its sole shareholder, if St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank’s shareholder’s equity would be reduced
below the amount of the liquidation account established in connection with the conversion. In addition, St. Landry Homestead Federal
Savings Bank will not be permitted to make a capital distribution if, after making such distribution, it would be undercapitalized.
St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank must provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board and file an application with the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency for approval of a capital distribution if the total capital distributions for the applicable
calendar year exceed the sum of its net income for that year to date plus its retained net income for the preceding two years,
or it would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution. Any
payment of dividends by St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank to Catalyst Bancorp that would be deemed to be drawn from St.
Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank’s bad debt reserves established before 1988, if any, would require a payment of taxes
at the then-current tax rate by St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank on the amount of earnings deemed to be removed from
the pre-1988 bad debt reserves for such distribution. St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank does not intend to make
any distribution that would create such a federal tax liability. We
intend to file a consolidated federal tax return with St. Landry Homestead Federal Savings Bank. Accordingly, it is anticipated
that any cash distributions made by Catalyst Bancorp to our shareholders would be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return
of capital for federal tax purposes. Additionally, pursuant to regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, during the three-year
period following the conversion and stock offering, Catalyst Bancorp will not take any action to declare an extraordinary dividend
to shareholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free return of capital for federal income tax purposes. 34 MARKET
FOR THE COMMON STOCK We
have never issued capital stock and there is no established market for our shares of common stock. We have applied to list our
shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “CLST”, subject to completion of the conversion
and compliance with certain listing conditions, including the presence of at least three registered and active market makers.
Piper Sandler & Co. has advised us that it intends to make a market in shares of our common stock following the offering,
but it is not obligated to do so or to continue to do so once it begins. While we will attempt before completion of the offering
to obtain commitments from at least two other broker-dealers to make a market in shares of our common stock, there can be no assurance
that we will be successful in obtaining such commitments. The
development and maintenance of a public market, having the desirable characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness, depends
on the existence of willin