—Risks Relating to Our Management Team—Past performance by Capitalworks, members of our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company.” Initial Business Combination We will have until 15 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination, with an automatic three-month extension if we have signed a definitive agreement with respect to an initial business combination within such 15-month period. If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months and are not entitled to an automatic extension, we may, by resolution of our board of directors if requested by our sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by an additional three months (for a total of up to 18 months to complete a business combination), subject to the sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account as set out below. In connection with an automatic or paid extension as described above, public shareholders will not be offered the opportunity to vote on or redeem their shares. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restarted memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to be entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company on the date of this prospectus, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination in connection with a paid extension, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days’ advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account $2,000,000, or $2,300,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full ($0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would, at the option of our sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us or convert a portion or all of the total loan amount into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, we would not repay such loans. Furthermore, the letter agreement with our initial shareholders contains a provision pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed to waive its right to be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the trust account in the event that we do not complete a business combination. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of the target business or businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses 104 TABLE OF CONTENTS (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of the target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects. Nasdaq rules also require that our initial business combination be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction Company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction Company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders, or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction Company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction Company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction Company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction Company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions, and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately, or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or members of our management team, or completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor or members of our management team. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor or members of our management team, we, or a committee of our independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Other Considerations Capitalworks manages multiple investment vehicles and is currently investing and will raise, market, organize, sponsor and/or act as general partner or manager or as the primary source for transactions for other funds, vehicles and/or accounts in the future (collectively the “Funds”), including during the period in which we are seeking our initial business combination. Although we intend to seek a business combination with a company that would not be an appropriate opportunity for the Funds, the Funds (and/or their portfolio companies) may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. However, we do not expect that this would adversely affect our ability to consummate our initial business combination because of the differing nature of the acquisition targets Capitalworks typically considers most attractive for the Funds and the types of acquisitions we expect to find most attractive for us. The Funds’ traditional private equity activities typically involve investing in private companies. In addition, the Funds from time to time are made aware of businesses that are high quality, but that do not fit the risk-adjusted return profile or time horizon of the Funds. As a result, we may become aware of a potential transaction that is not a fit for the traditional investment activities of the Funds but that is an attractive opportunity for us. 105 TABLE OF CONTENTS Certain members of our management team presently have, and any of them in the future will have, additional, fiduciary, contractual and other duties to other entities, including without limitation, the Funds and/or their portfolio companies. As a result, if any member of our management team becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary, contractual or other obligations (including, without limitation, any Funds and their portfolio companies), then he or she may be required to honor such fiduciary, contractual or other obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. If the Funds or other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we would likely be precluded from pursuing the same. If it is determined that such investment is appropriate for any of the Funds, such opportunity will be pursued by such Funds in accordance with the current policies and procedures of Capitalworks and such Funds’ governing agreements and generally not us. However, we do not expect these duties 