An investment in
our class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before deciding to buy our class A common stock.
Any of the risks we describe below could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results. The market price of our class A common stock could decline if one or more of these risks and uncertainties develop into actual events.
You could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our
Business and Industry The planned rapid increase in
the number of our restaurants may make our future results unpredictable. There were 504 Chipotle restaurants as of March 31, 2006, 275 of which have opened since January 1, 2003. We plan to increase the number of our restaurants significantly in the next three years. This growth
strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant (as well as the impact of our new restaurants on the sales of existing restaurants) may cause our operating results to fluctuate and be unpredictable or
adversely affect our profits. Our future results depend on various factors, including successful selection of new markets and restaurant locations, market acceptance of the Chipotle experience, consumer recognition of the quality of our food and
willingness to pay our prices (which reflect our often higher ingredient costs), the quality of our operations and general economic conditions. What’s more, as has happened when other fast-casual restaurant concepts have tried to expand
nationally, we may find that the Chipotle concept has limited or no appeal to customers in certain new markets or we may experience a decline in the popularity of the Chipotle experience. Newly opened restaurants may not succeed, future markets and
restaurants may not be successful and, even if we’re successful, our average restaurant sales may not increase at historical rates. We may face difficulties replacing services McDonald’s provides to us and entering into new or modified arrangements with existing or new
suppliers or service providers. We’ve benefited
from our relationship with McDonald’s. For example, McDonald’s has provided us, directly or through its own vendor relationships, with accounting services, insurance policy coverage, banking services, health and other insurance benefits
for our employees and employee benefit plans, as well as with its expertise in certain areas of our operations, such as real estate. We also benefit from our relationship with McDonald’s when we buy supplies or distribution or other services.
For example, McDonald’s relationship with Coca-Cola has helped us contain our beverage costs, and we’ve relied on the same distribution network as McDonald’s. In connection with our initial public offering we entered into a services agreement with McDonald’s to clarify our
relationship in light of McDonald’s ability to dispose of its interest in us. After this offering, McDonald’s will beneficially own about 82.7% of the combined voting power of our common stock, assuming no exercise of the
underwriters’ over-allotment option, and McDonald’s has announced its intention to dispose of its remaining interest in us through a tax-free exchange offer to McDonald’s shareholders by year-end 2006, subject to market conditions. As McDonald’s ownership interest in us declines,
we’ll lose an increasing amount of the benefits of our relationship with McDonald’s. For example, we currently obtain beneficial pricing and/or service levels from certain suppliers and service providers, and pay McDonald’s for the
costs they incur in administering our 401(k) plan and providing certain benefits, including health and workers compensation insurance, for our employees. McDonald’s is entitled to provide notice of termination of these services such that the
termination is effective on the date when McDonald’s owns 80% or less of the combined voting power of our outstanding stock. It has the same right in connection with certain insurance services it provides directly or through its vendors. In
some cases, current benefits, such as the use of the distribution network that McDonald’s also uses, are not contractually tied to the level of McDonald’s ownership, and the relevant suppliers and service providers could decide to stop
giving us beneficial pricing and/or service levels or terminate their relationship with us at any time. 9 Table of Contents In light of McDonald’s plans, we have begun to evaluate alternatives to ensure that our separation
from McDonald’s will occur without any material disruption in the services of or our relationships with the suppliers or service providers described above. We have not made final determinations in this respect, and we may encounter difficulties
or be unable to negotiate pricing or other terms as favorable as those we currently enjoy, which could harm our business and operating results. We have begun discussions with suppliers and service providers regarding new or amended contracts, but
cannot now quantify the potential impact on our expenses. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” We have a limited independent operating history as a large company, which makes our future business prospects difficult to evaluate. We have been a subsidiary of McDonald’s since
1998, which has affected the way we operate and manage our business. Because we have a limited independent operating history as a large company, our historical results may not be indicative of our future performance. Our future results depend on
various factors, including those identified in these risk factors. We may not remain profitable. Our sales growth rate depends primarily on our ability to open new restaurants and is subject to many unpredictable factors. We may not be able to open new restaurants as quickly as planned. We’ve
experienced delays in opening some restaurants and that could happen again. Delays or failures in opening new restaurants could materially and adversely affect our growth strategy and our expected results. As we operate more restaurants, our rate of
expansion relative to the size of our restaurant base will decline. In addition, one of our biggest challenges is locating and securing an adequate supply of suitable new restaurant sites. Competition for those sites in our target markets is
intense, and lease costs are increasing (particularly for urban locations). Our ability to open new restaurants also depends on other factors, including: • obtaining and negotiating leases with acceptable terms; • hiring and training qualified operating personnel in the local market; • managing construction and development costs of new restaurants at affordable levels, particularly in competitive markets; • the availability of construction materials and labor; • the availability of, and our ability to obtain, adequate supplies of ingredients that meet our quality standards; • securing required governmental approvals (including construction, parking and other permits) in a timely manner; and • the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities, such as hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005. Although we plan to open a total of between 80 and 90 restaurants in 2006,
including the 15 restaurants we opened during the first quarter of 2006, we may not be able to do so for the reasons described in this risk factor. In addition, our progress in opening new restaurants from quarter to quarter may occur at an uneven
rate. Our sales and profit growth could be adversely
affected if comp restaurant sales are less than we expect. While future sales growth will depend substantially on our plans for new restaurant openings, the level of comp restaurant sales will also affect our sales growth and will continue to be a critical factor affecting profit growth. This is
because the profit margin on comp restaurant sales is generally higher than the profit margin on new restaurant sales, as comp restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a higher sales base. While we don’t expect comp
restaurant sales growth to continue at historical levels, our plans do incorporate 10 Table of Contents positive comp restaurant sales. Our ability to increase comp restaurant sales depends in part on our ability to successfully implement our initiatives to
increase the speed at which our crew serves each customer, and expanded use of fax service lines and online ordering, which we may not be able to do. It is possible that we will not achieve our targeted comp restaurant sales growth or that the
change in comp restaurant sales could be negative. If this were to happen, sales and profit growth would be adversely affected. We recently announced that we expect quarterly comparable restaurant sales increases to decelerate throughout the year as
sequential comparisons become more difficult. Our
failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. Our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants. Our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls and information
systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and retain restaurant managers and crew. We may not respond quickly
enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on our management, crew and existing infrastructure. We also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has been an important contributor to our success. As we grow,
however, we may have difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. New restaurants, once opened, may not be profitable, an