" section. You should read the following discussion together with the section entitled "Risk Factors" and the combined and consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus. Company Overview We are one of the largest producers of rock, or highway deicing, salt in North America and the United Kingdom, and operate the largest highway deicing salt mines
in these regions. We are also the third largest producer of general trade salt in North America and the second largest in the United Kingdom, serving major retailers, agricultural cooperatives and
food producers. In addition, we are the largest producer of sulfate of potash, or "SOP," in North America, which is used in the production of specialty fertilizers. Salt is one of the most widely used
minerals in the world and has a wide variety of end-use applications, including highway deicing, food-grade applications, water conditioning and various industrial uses. We
focus on building intrinsic value by improving our earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, or "EBITDA," based on a normal winter weather season and by
improving our cost structure. The goals of our management team's stewardship is to generate consistent cash flow despite weather variations and to maximize value from our cash flow generated from
operations. We can employ our operating cash flow in a variety of ways, including to pay dividends, re-invest in our business, pay down debt and make small tuck-in
acquisitions. Additionally, through our operational excellence program, we strive to maintain or improve our flexible, low-cost structure. We design programs to measure and continuously
improve our operating performance. Our
business also includes the following key characteristics: • We
believe that our cash flow is not materially impacted by economic cycles due to the stable end-use markets of salt and the absence of
cost-effective alternatives. Short-term cash flows are affected by the seasonality of our business and are dependent on weather conditions. See "Risk
Factors — The seasonal demand for our products and the variations in our cash flows from quarter to quarter as a result of weather conditions may have an adverse effect on our
results of operations and the price of our common stock." • We
operate eleven facilities in North America and the United Kingdom, including the largest rock salt mine in the world in Goderich, Ontario and the largest salt mine in the
United Kingdom in Winsford, Cheshire. • We
believe that we are among the lowest cost rock salt producers in our markets. Our cost advantage is due to the size and quality of our reserves, effective mining
techniques and efficient production processes. In addition, our salt mines in North America are located near either rail or water transport systems, thereby minimizing shipping and handling costs,
which constitute a significant portion of the overall delivered cost of salt. Note 13 to our audited combined and consolidated financial statements included in this prospectus provides
additional information regarding geographical data. We
recognize sales at the time of shipment to the customer, which coincides with the transfer of title and risk of ownership to the customer. Sales represent billings to customers net
of sales taxes charged for the sale of the product. Sales include shipping and handling costs which are expensed when the related product is sold. 21 For
the twelve months ended June 30, 2004, we sold approximately 13.2 million tons of salt and other minerals, generating sales of $646.6 million and net income of
$32.7 million. For the six months ended June 30, 2004, we sold approximately 7.1 million tons of salt and other minerals, generating sales of $347.4 million and net income
of $24.4 million. Stand-Alone Company The combined and consolidated financial information related to periods ending 2001 and prior included in this prospectus have been derived from the consolidated
financial statements of IMC Global. The preparation of this information was based on assumptions and estimates, including allocations of costs from IMC Global, that we believe are reasonable. This
financial information may not, however, necessarily reflect the results of operations, financial positions and cash flows that would have occurred if we had been a separate, stand-alone entity during
the periods presented or our future results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We
believe that there are opportunities to improve performance on both the sales and cost sides of our business. For example, we believe that our new management focus on operating
efficiencies and monitoring capital expenditures following the consummation of the Recapitalization has led to reductions in our operating costs and maintenance capital expenditures. Additionally, we
intend to continue to focus on growing our SOP business and regaining our lost market share. In
connection with the Recapitalization, we have incurred substantial indebtedness, interest expense and repayment obligations. The interest expense relating to this debt has adversely
affected our net income. Upon consummation of the Recapitalization, we incurred a number of one-time fees and expenses of approximately $34.7 million. Note 3 and
Note 11 to our audited combined and consolidated financial statements included in this prospectus provide additional information related to these fees and expenses. Management's Discussion on Critical Accounting Policies Preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, sales and expenses. Management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to our consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to
make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. We
have identified the critical accounting policies that we believe are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. We believe the policies set
forth below require management's most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Inventory Allowances We record allowances for unusable or slow moving finished goods and raw materials and supplies inventory. We adjust the value of certain inventory to the
estimated market value to the extent that management's assumptions of future demand, market or functional conditions indicate the cost basis is either in excess of market or the inventory will not be
utilized or sold in future operations. If actual demand or conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Mineral Interests As of June 30, 2004, we maintained $147.2 million of net mineral interests as a part of mineral interests and other intangible assets and
$7.9 million of net mineral properties as a part of property, plant and equipment. 22 Mineral
interests include probable mineral reserves. We lease mineral reserves at several of our extraction facilities. These leases have varying terms and many provide for a royalty
payment to the lessor based on a specific amount per ton of mineral extracted or as a percentage of sales. Pursuant to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or "SFAS," No. 141, "Business
Combinations" and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," mineral interests associated with properties that we do not own are classified as intangible assets. See
" — Recent Accounting Pronouncements." Mineral
interests recorded as a part of mineral interests and other intangible assets are amortized on a units-of-production method based on internal and
third-party estimates of recoverable reserves. Mineral interests recorded as a part of property, plant and equipment are amortized on a straight-line basis. Our
rights to extract minerals are contractually limited by time. If we are not able to continue to extend lease agreements, as we have in the past, at commercially reasonable terms,
without incurring substantial costs or incurring material modifications to the existing lease terms and conditions, the assigned lives may be less than that projected by management, or if the actual
size, quality or recoverability of the minerals is less than that projected by management, then the rate of amortization could be increased or the value of the reserves could be reduced by a material
amount. Income Taxes In determining income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of
certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of certain of the deferred tax assets, which arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition
of sales and expense. We are required to assess the likelihood that we will ultimately be able to recover our deferred tax assets. If recovery is not likely, we must increase our provision for taxes
by recording a reserve, in the form of a valuation allowance, for the deferred tax assets that we estimate will not ultimately be recoverable. In
evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative
losses in recent reporting years and, to some extent, our forecast of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we are responsible for the assumptions utilized, including the amount
of state, federal and international pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These
assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the pl