You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an
investment decision. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to
any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment.
You should also refer to the other information in this prospectus, including our
consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties
described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our
company. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we
currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our
company.

                   RISKS RELATED TO BEING A REGULATED ENTITY

REDUCTIONS IN MEDICAID FUNDING COULD SUBSTANTIALLY REDUCE OUR PROFITABILITY.

     Nearly all of our revenues come from Medicaid premiums. The base premium
rate paid by each state differs, depending on a combination of factors such as
defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or
region, benefit mix and member eligibility categories. Future levels of Medicaid
premium rates may be affected by continued government efforts to contain medical
costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints.
Changes to Medicaid programs could reduce the number of persons enrolled or
eligible, reduce the amount of reimbursement or payment levels, or increase our
administrative or healthcare costs under those programs. States periodically
consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for Medicaid.
We believe that additional reductions in Medicaid payments could substantially
reduce our profitability. Further, our contracts with the states are subject to
cancellation by the state after a short notice period in the event of
unavailability of state funds.

IF OUR MEDICAID AND SCHIP CONTRACTS ARE TERMINATED OR ARE NOT RENEWED, OUR
BUSINESS WILL SUFFER.

     We provide managed care programs and selected services to individuals
receiving benefits under Medicaid, including Supplemental Security Income or
SSI, and the State Children's Health Insurance Program or SCHIP. We provide
those healthcare services under five contracts with regulatory entities in the
areas in which we operate. The contracts expire on various dates between
December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2003. Our contracts with the states of
Indiana and Wisconsin accounted for 73% of our revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2001. Our contracts may be terminated if we fail to perform up to
the standards set by state regulatory agencies. In addition, the Indiana
contract under which we operate can be terminated by the state without cause.
Our contracts are generally intended to run for two years and may be extended
for one or two additional years if the state or its contractor elects to do so.
When our contracts expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing
healthcare providers. There is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed
or extended. If any of our contracts are terminated, not renewed, or renewed on
less favorable terms, our business will suffer, and our operating results may be
materially affected.

CHANGES IN GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS DESIGNED TO PROTECT PROVIDERS AND MEMBERS
RATHER THAN OUR STOCKHOLDERS COULD FORCE US TO CHANGE HOW WE OPERATE AND COULD
HARM OUR BUSINESS.

     Our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and
by the federal government. The applicable laws and regulations are subject to
frequent change and generally are intended to benefit and protect health plan
providers and members rather than stockholders. Changes in existing laws and
rules, the enactment of new laws and rules, or changing interpretations of these
laws and rules could, among other things:

     - force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our
       network;

     - require us to implement additional or different programs and systems;

     - mandate minimum medical expense levels as a percentage of premiums
       revenues;

     - restrict revenue and enrollment growth;

                                        5 - require us to develop plans to guard against the financial insolvency of
       our providers;

     - increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional
       capital and reserve requirements; and

     - increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice
       by our providers.

     For example, Congress currently is considering various forms of patient
protection legislation commonly known as Patients' Bills of Rights. We cannot
predict the impact of this legislation, if adopted, on our business.

REGULATIONS MAY DECREASE THE PROFITABILITY OF OUR HEALTH PLANS.

     Our Texas plans are required to pay a rebate to the state in the event
profits exceed established levels. This regulatory requirement, changes in this
requirement or the adoption of similar requirements by our other regulators may
limit our ability to increase our overall profits as a percentage of revenues.
The State of Texas has implemented and is enforcing a penalty provision for
failure to pay claims in a timely manner. Failure to meet this requirement can
result in financial fines and penalties. In addition, states may attempt to
reduce their contract premium rates if regulators perceive our medical loss
ratio as too low. Any of these regulatory actions could harm our operating
results.

     Also, on January 18, 2002, the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services, or CMS, published a final rule that removed an exception contained in
the federal Medicaid reimbursement regulations permitting states to reimburse
non-state government-owned or operated hospitals for inpatient and outpatient
hospital services at amounts up to 150 percent of a reasonable estimate of the
amount that would be paid for the services furnished by these hospitals under
Medicare payment principles. This development in federal law could decrease the
profitability of our health plans.

FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS COULD SUBJECT US TO CIVIL AND
CRIMINAL PENALTIES.

     Federal and state governments have enacted fraud and abuse laws and other
laws to protect patients' privacy and access to healthcare. Violation of these
and other laws or regulations governing our operations or the operations of our
providers could result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, the
cancellation of our contracts to provide services, the suspension or revocation
of our licenses or our exclusion from participating in the Medicaid, SSI and
SCHIP programs. Because of these potential sanctions, we seek to monitor our
compliance and that of our providers with federal and state fraud and abuse and
other healthcare laws on an ongoing basis. These penalties or exclusions, were
they to occur as the result of our actions or omissions, or our inability to
monitor the compliance of our providers, would negatively impact our ability to
operate our business. For example, failure to pay our providers promptly could
result in the imposition of fines and other penalties. In some states, we may be
subject to regulation by more than one governmental authority, which may impose
overlapping or competing regulations.

     The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA,
broadened the scope of fraud and abuse laws applicable to healthcare companies.
HIPAA created civil penalties for, among other things, billing for medically
unnecessary goods or services. HIPAA established new enforcement mechanisms to
combat fraud and abuse, including a whistle blower program. Further, HIPAA
imposes civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply
with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic
transmission of individually-identifiable health information. These standards
will become effective in April 2003. Congress may enact additional legislation
to increase penalties and to create a private right of action under HIPAA, which
would entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy
rules.

COMPLIANCE WITH NEW GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS MAY REQUIRE US TO MAKE SIGNIFICANT
EXPENDITURES.

     In August 2000, the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, issued
a new regulation under HIPAA requiring the use of uniform electronic data
transmission standards for healthcare claims and payment transactions submitted
or received electronically. We are required to comply with the new

                                        6 regulation by October 2002, or submit a "compliance plan" with the HSS on or
before October 15, 2002, that details how we will meet the extended compliance
deadline of October 16, 2003. In addition, Texas has indicated that it may
impose an earlier compliance deadline. In August 1998, HHS proposed a regulation
that would require healthcare participants to implement organizational and
technical practices to protect the security of electronically maintained or
transmitted health-related information. In December 2000, HHS issued a new
regulation mandating heightened privacy and confidentiality protections under
HIPAA that became effective on April 14, 2001. Compliance with this regulation
will be required by April 14, 2003.

     In January 2001, CMS (then the Health Care Financing Administration)
published new regulations regarding Medicaid managed care. CMS subsequently
delayed the effective date of these regulations until August 16, 2002. In August
2001, CMS proposed new regulations that would modify the January regulations. If
adopted, these regulations would implement the requirements of the Balanced
Budget Act of 1997 that are intended to give states more flexibility in their
administration of Medicaid managed care programs, provide new patient
protections for Medicaid managed care enrollees and require states to meet new
actuarial soundness requirements.

     The Bush Administra