. In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information that will be made
available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of business diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. By completing our initial business combination
with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further,
we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other
entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single
industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: · solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 89 · dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry
in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. Limited ability to evaluate the target’s management team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business’s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the
necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team,
if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will
remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is highly unlikely that any of them will devote
their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management
team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the post-business combination company. The determination as to whether any
of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will
have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business
combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by applicable law
or stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other reasons. Presented in the table below is a
graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. Type of Transaction Whether Stockholder Approval is Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes Under the NYSE’s listing rules, stockholder
approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: · we issue (other than in a public offering for cash) shares of common stock that will either (a) be equal to or in excess of 20%
of the number of shares of common stock then outstanding or (b) have voting power equal to or in excess of 20% of the voting power
then outstanding; · any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5% or greater interest, directly
or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of shares of common stock to be issued, or if the number
of shares of common stock into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1% of the number of shares
of common stock or 1% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors and officers or (b) 5%
of the number of shares of common stock or 5% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial security
holders; or 90 · the issuance or potential issuance will result in our undergoing a change of control. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange rule will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and other reasons, which include a variety
of factors, including, but not limited to: · the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is
either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result
in other additional burdens on the company; · the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; · the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination; · other time and budget constraints of the company; and · additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. Permitted purchases and other transactions with respect to our securities In the event we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, our sponsors, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants
in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination.
There is no limit on the number of securities such persons may purchase. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business
combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsors, directors,
officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives
to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However,
they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such purchases or other transactions and have not formulated any terms
or conditions for any such purchases or other transactions. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public
shares or warrants in such transactions. Such persons will be subject to restrictions in making any such purchases when they are in possession
of any material non-public information or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may
include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial
owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. We will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders
to (1) refrain from purchasing securities during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public
information and (2) clear all trades with our legal counsel prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders
will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited
to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a
Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. In the event that our sponsors, directors, officers,
advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who
have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling
stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business
combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under
the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to th