, which could
    adversely affect future results including, but not limited to,
    (a) an increase in the costs of film rental from the major
    film distributors, as well as access to differing qualities of
    films based on the Company’s relationship with the
    distributors and (b) a general economic downturn resulting
    in decreased consumer spending on discretionary entertainment. Refinancing On March 1, 2006, the Company entered into a $435,000
    senior secured credit facility consisting of a $360,000 Term
    Loan B and a $75,000 revolving credit facility with Morgan
    Stanley & Co. Inc. (see Notes 6 and 7). To
    facilitate this financing, the Parent formed Century Theatres
    Holdings, LLC (“Holdings”) as a single-member
    California limited liability company on February 17, 2006.
    In addition, Century California Subsidiary, Inc. (“Century
    California”) was created as a wholly owned subsidiary of
    Holdings for the sole purpose of entering into the credit
    facility with Morgan Stanley. A portion of the proceeds of the
    $360,000 Term Loan B was used by Century California to
    purchase all outstanding shares of Century Theatres, Inc. common
    stock from the Parent for $234,177. On the day of the financing,
    Century California was merged into the Company and the Company
    assumed all outstanding obligations under the credit facility.
    The purchase of Century Theatres, Inc. shares from the Parent
    has been treated as a distribution to the Parent. Furthermore,
    since the purchase transaction took place between entities under
    common control the transaction has been accounted for on a
    historical cost basis. NOTE 2 —
    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles
    of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
    Century Theatres, Inc. and its three wholly-owned subsidiaries.
    All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
    eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. Use
    of Estimates In preparing the financial statements in conformity with
    accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
    America, management is required to make estimates and
    assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
    liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
    reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods
    presented, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and
    liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates
    applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated
    financial statements. F-60 Table of Contents CENTURY
    THEATRES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS — (Continued) (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) Fiscal
    Year-End The Company uses a 52/53 week fiscal year ending with the
    last Thursday in September. The fiscal years presented in these
    consolidated financial statements ended on September 28,
    2006, September 29, 2005 and September 30, 2004. Cash
    and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include short-term investments with an
    original maturity of less than 90 days. Included in cash
    and cash equivalents in the accompanying consolidated balance
    sheets is restricted cash of $392 at September 28, 2006 and
    $152 at September 29, 2005. The Company invests excess cash in deposits with major banks and
    money market funds with major financial institutions. The
    Company has not experienced any losses related to these deposits
    or investments, which may exceed federal insurance limits. Fair
    Value of Financial Instruments The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts
    receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities
    approximates fair value because of the short-term maturity of
    those instruments. The fair value of the long-term debt cannot
    be estimated because there is no readily available market for
    these securities. At September 28, 2006, the Company holds
    derivative financial instruments relating to the interest rate
    hedge of its $360,000 Term Loan B and the fair value of the
    swap is estimated based upon quoted market prices of comparable
    agreements (see Note 8). Other
    Receivables Other receivables consist primarily of tenant allowances,
    various rebates from concession vendors, auditorium rentals and
    income taxes receivable. The Company generally does not require
    collateral from its customers. The Company maintains an
    allowance for doubtful accounts based upon the expected
    collectibility of its other receivables. Inventories Inventories consist of concession and theatre supplies and are
    stated at the lower of cost or market. The Company values
    inventory using the weighted average cost method, which
    approximates FIFO (first-in first-out) cost. Interest
    Rate Swaps Interest rate swaps are used principally in the management of
    the Company’s interest rate exposures and are recorded on
    the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. If the swap is
    designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of
    changes in the fair value of the swap are recorded in other
    comprehensive income and are recognized in the consolidated
    statements of operations when the hedged items affect earnings.
    Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow
    hedges are recognized as a charge or credit to earnings. F-61 Table of Contents CENTURY
    THEATRES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS — (Continued) (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) Property
    and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
    depreciation and amortization. The Company uses the
    straight-line method to compute depreciation and amortization
    over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: Buildings and improvements 20-30 years Leasehold improvements Lesser of term of lease or asset life Land improvements 15 years Fixtures and equipment 3-7 years When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and
    related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
    and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the
    period. The costs of maintenance and repairs are expensed as
    incurred and are included in theatre operating expenses.
    Significant renewals and betterments are capitalized. Capitalized
    Interest Financing costs associated with the Company’s construction
    projects are capitalized as part of the cost of the assets
    constructed. The Company capitalized interest in the amount of
    $1,087, $327 and $782 for the years ended September 28,
    2006, September 29, 2005 and September 30, 2004,
    respectively. Deferred
    Financing Fees Deferred financing fees include costs associated with the
    $435,000 senior secured credit facility as described in
    Notes 6 and 7. These costs amounted to $5,532 and are being
    amortized over 7 years. For the year ended
    September 28, 2006 unamortized costs associated with the
    Company’s former private placement notes of $892 were
    charged to expense upon repayment of the notes (see Note 7). Rent
    Expense Minimum rental expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis
    over the term of the lease starting when the Company has access
    to the property. Therefore, the amortization period occasionally
    includes a construction period prior to the theatre opening.
    When a lease contains a predetermined fixed escalation of
    minimum rents, the Company recognizes the related rent expense
    on a straight-line basis and records the difference between the
    recognized rental expense and the amounts payable under the
    lease as deferred rent. The Company also receives tenant
    allowances, which are treated as deferred lease incentives for
    operating leases. The deferred lease incentive is amortized over
    the base term of the lease (including the construction period)
    as a reduction to rent expense. Renewal periods are included in
    the lease term only if they are reasonably assured. Certain leases provide for contingent rents that are not
    measurable at the inception of the lease because they are based
    on a percentage of sales that are in excess of a predetermined
    breakpoint. These amounts are excluded from minimum rent but are
    included in the determination of total rent expense when it is
    probable that the expense has been incurred and the amount is
    reasonably estimable. Capital
    Leases Under Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) 97-10, The Effect of Lessee Involvement in Asset Construction ,
    various forms of lessee involvement during the pre-construction
    or construction periods of leased property may cause the lessee
    to be the “accounting owner” of the asset during the
    construction period. If the lessee is involved with the
    construction of a built-to-suit real estate project to be leased to the lessee when construction F-62 Table of Contents CENTURY
    THEATRES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO
    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS — (Continued) (In thousands of dollars, except share amounts) is completed, the transaction may constitute a sale-leaseback
    within Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
    (“SFAS”) No. 98, Accounting for Leases. In
    addition to the nine leases capitalized under EITF 97-10 as of the year ended September 29, 2005, management
    determined that three additional leases for the year ended
    September 28, 2006 should be capitalized and maintained on
    the Company’s books until the theatre opens in accordance
    with EITF 97-10. None of these twelve leases qualified for sale-leaseback
    accounting under SFAS No. 98 and were treated as
    capital leases. Impairment
    of Long-Lived Assets The Company follows SFAS No