Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk
    Factors” beginning on page 10 of this prospectus, and the other information included in this prospectus for a discussion
    of factors you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq Capital Market Symbol “THAR”. There is no established trading market for
    the Pre-Funded Warrants, and we do not expect a trading market to develop. We do not intend to list the Pre-Funded Warrants on any
    securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system. (1)
The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 17,511,839 shares of our common stock
outstanding as of September 30, 2023, and excludes: ● 2,143,940 shares
    of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options with a weighted average exercise price of $3.39; ● 346,500 shares
    of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants with a weighted average exercise price of $2.99; ● shares of common stock (or           
    shares if the representative exercises its over-allotment option in full) issuable upon exercise of warrants to be issued to the
    representative of the underwriters as part of this offering at an exercise price of $           (assuming a public offering price of $          per
    share, the last reported sale price of our common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Capital Market on          , 2023). Unless
otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes: ● no
exercise of the warrants or options described above; and ● no exercise by the underwriters
    of their option to purchase an additional           shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. 9 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should
carefully consider the risk factors described below and the risk factors discussed in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”
contained in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, as may be amended, supplemented
or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC and incorporated by reference in this prospectus, together with
all of the other information contained in this prospectus. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently
view as immaterial, may also impair our business. If any of the risks or uncertainties described in our SEC filings or this prospectus
or any additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital We
have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance. We
are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects.
We commenced operations in 2017, have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue. Drug development is
a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. Since our inception, we have spent the first three years developing
and refining our technology, and since 2019, we have focused our efforts on advancing the development of our product candidate, HSB-1216,
which we recently deprioritized, as well as TH3215, TH0059 and TH1940 (formerly known as HSB-3215, HSB-0059 and HSB-1940, respectively).
In November 2023, we entered into the Avior Patent License Agreement for a clinical-stage asset, TH104, and TH103, a compound which we intend to potentially
file an IND for. We
have not yet commenced human clinical trials for any of our product candidates, nor have we demonstrated an ability to initiate or successfully
complete any large-scale or pivotal clinical trials, obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product or arrange for
a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. As
a result, it may be more difficult for you to accurately predict our likelihood of success and viability than it could be if we had a
longer operating history. We intend to commence Phase 1 clinical studies for
TH104 in 2023 and Phase 2 clinical studies in 2024. In addition, we intend to submit INDs to the FDA for our early-stage pre-clinical
programs to gain approval to initiate clinical studies in 2025 for both TH3215 and TH1940; however, no assurance can be provided that
our clinical Phase 1 or Phase 2 studies will be completed or that our INDs will be accepted by the FDA based on our anticipated timeline,
if at all. Our early-stage programs are in pre-clinical discovery and research stages. As a result, we expect that it will take several
years, if ever, before we have a commercialized product and generate revenue from product sales. Even if we succeed in receiving marketing
approval for and commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we expect that we will continue to incur substantial research
and development and other expenses in order to discover, develop and market additional potential products. Finding
appropriate biomarkers for our potential drug candidates could limit our commercialization prospects and cause our losses to continue. Any
biomarker discovery or drug development that we are conducting may not be successful in identifying biomarkers that have commercial value
for our products or therapeutic utility. Platforms may initially show promise in identifying potential biomarkers for our drug candidates,
yet fail to stratify patients for clinical development or commercialization for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to: ● research programs
    to identify new biomarkers will require substantial technical, financial and human resources, and we may be unsuccessful in our efforts
    to identify biomarkers. If we are unable to identify suitable biomarkers for pre-clinical and clinical development, our ability to
    stratify patients could be compromised, which could result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely impact our
    stock price; 10 ● identified
    biomarkers may not demonstrate correlation to efficacy, safety or tolerability; ● available data that seeks
    to correlate genomic or biomarker signatures with certain diseases may be influenced by the race of the patient which may limit the
    efficacy of our drug candidates; ● the regulatory pathway
    for the biomarkers may be too complex, expensive or otherwise difficult to navigate successfully; and ● competitors may develop
    alternative approaches that render our potential biomarkers non-competitive or less attractive. We
expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our development
of, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, and begin to commercialize approved drugs, if any. Typically, it takes
many years to develop a new drug from the time it is discovered to when it is available for treating patients. We may encounter unforeseen
expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may increase our expenses and adversely affect our ability
to generate revenue. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on our ability to manage these aspects of our business. We
have incurred significant losses since inception, we expect to incur losses in the future and we may not be able to generate sufficient
revenue to achieve and maintain profitability. We
have never been profitable and have incurred significant losses in each year since inception. For the six months ended June 30, 2023
and the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we reported a net loss of $5.0 million, $8.5 million and $2.2 million, respectively.
As of June 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of $20.4 and $15.4 million, respectively. We have funded our
operations primarily with proceeds from the sale of our equity and debt securities. We
expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur
may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a
good indication of our future performance. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our
expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse
effect on our working capital, our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and the performance of our stock. Our
ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on our ability to achieve several milestones relating to
the discovery, development and commercialization of our product candidates. Our
financial condition and operating results have varied significantly in the past and are expected to continue to fluctuate significantly
due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors relating to our business that may contribute to these fluctuations
include: ● our ability
    to continue our current research and development programs, including conducting laboratory, pre-clinical studies for product candidates; ● our ability to initiate
    clinical trials for product candidates; ● the success of our clinical
    trials through all phases of clinical development; ● delays in the commencement,
    enrollment and timing of clinical trials; ● our ability to secure and
    maintain collaborations, licensing or oth