Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk and purchasers of our common stock may lose part or all of their investment. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq trading symbol “CNTX.” The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering is based on 10,966,053 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 1, 2021, gives effect to the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of common stock in the Private Placement, assumes the issuance of all of the shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants sold in the Private Placement and excludes the following: • 506,691 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of December 1, 2021, at a weighted-average exercise price of $5.68 per share; • 713,479 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2021 Incentive Plan, as more fully described in “Executive Compensation — 2021 Incentive Plan”; and • 500,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding as of December 6, 2021, at a weighted average exercise price of $6.25, 9 SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following tables summarize our consolidated financial data for our business. We have derived the summary consolidated statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary statement of operations data for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 and balance sheet data as of September 30, 2021 are derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, in management’s opinion, have been prepared on the same basis as the audited financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, and include all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the information for the periods presented. Our financial statements are prepared and presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of our future results. You should read this data together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus and the information contained under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Years Ended December 31, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2020 2019 2021 2020 Statements of Operations Data Operating expenses: Acquired in-process research and development $ — $ — $ 3,087,832 $ — Research and development 1,641,501 2,411,937 2,511,438 1,046,662 General and administrative 930,667 2,965,207 1,834,645 755,962 Loss from operations (2,572,168) (5,377,144) (7,433,915) (1,802,624) Interest expense (661,224) (1,100,390) (64,555) (566,790) Change in fair value of convertible promissory notes 9,877,857 93,365 9,317 9,798,628 Other income — — 124,148 — Net (loss) income $ 6,644,465 $ (6,384,169) $ (7,365,005) $ 7,429,214 September 30, 2021 Balance Sheet Data Cash and cash equivalents $ 419,152 Working capital (3,971,083) Total assets 2,259,304 Total liabilities 4,408,614 Total convertible preferred stock and redeemable common stock 21,064,623 Total stockholders’ (deficit) equity (23,213,933) 10 RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have never been profitable and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We have not commercialized any products and have yet to generate any revenue from product sales. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on our expenses and our ability to generate revenues. Our current and future product candidates will require substantial additional development time and resources before we may realize revenue from product sales, if at all. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: • continue our current research and development programs, including conducting laboratory, preclinical and clinical studies for product candidates; • initiate clinical trials for product candidates; • seek to identify, assess, acquire or develop additional research programs or product candidates; • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; • seek marketing approvals for any product candidates that may successfully complete development; • establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products that may obtain marketing approval; • further develop and refine the manufacturing process for our product candidates; • change or add additional manufacturers or suppliers of pharmaceutical or biological materials or product candidates; • further develop our anti-hormonal resistance therapies; • acquire or in-license other technologies; • seek to attract and retain new and existing personnel; and • expand our facilities. Our first program and lead product candidate, ONA-XR, is currently in Phase 2 clinical trials. No clinical studies have begun on our second program, CLDN6xCD3 bsAb, and our Sigma1 discovery research program is currently in lead optimization and has undergone in vivo studies. It will be several years, if ever, before we obtain regulatory approval for a therapeutic product candidate, at which time any revenues for such product candidate will depend upon many factors, including, market conditions, costs and effectiveness of manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution operations related to such product candidate, and the terms of any collaboration or other strategic arrangement we may have with respect to such product candidate and levels of reimbursement from third-party payors. 11 If we are unable to develop and commercialize one or more product candidates either alone or with collaborators, including through the potential out-licensing of our product candidates, or if revenues from any product candidate that receives marketing approval or is commercialized are insufficient, we may not achieve profitability or sustain profitability, which would have an adverse effect on the value of our common stock which would be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to raise substantial additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate some or all of our research programs, product development activities and commercialization efforts. The process of identifying product candidates and conducting preclinical and clinical trials is time consuming, expensive, uncertain and takes years to complete. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we identify, continue the research and development of, initiate clinical trials of, and seek marketing approval for, product candidates. In addition, if any therapeutic product candidate that we develop alone or with collaborators obtains marketing approval, we may incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution efforts. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise sufficient capital when needed, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate current or future research programs, product development activities and/or commercialization efforts. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient funding on a timely basis or on favorable terms, we may be required to significantly delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our research or product development programs and/or commercialization efforts or we might have to obtain funds through arrangements, such as out-licensing our product candidates, with collaborative partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates that we otherwise would not relinquish. We may also be unable to expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on business opportunities as desired. Any of these events could materially adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects. We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and may increase the risk of your investment. We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. We were founded in 2015 and spent the first three years of our company’s history developing and refining our therapeutic approach, and only since then have we focused our efforts on advancing the development of product candidates. Investment in biopharmaceutical