. Buyer does not desire to receive any further information. f. Buyer is aware that the purchase of the Shares is a speculative investment involving a high degree of risk, that there is no guarantee that Buyer will realize any gain from this investment, and that Buyer could lose the total amount of this investment. Buyer understands that no federal or state agency has made any finding or determination regarding the fairness of the Shares for investment, or any recommendation or endorsement of the Shares. g. Buyer is purchasing the Shares for Buyer’s own account with the intention of holding the Shares with no present intention of dividing or allowing others to participate in this investment or of reselling or otherwise participating, directly or indirectly, in a distribution of the Shares, and shall not make any sale, transfer, or pledge thereof without registration under the Act and any applicable securities laws of any state or unless an exemption from registration is available under those laws. Buyer understands that the statutory basis on which the Shares are being sold to Buyer would not be available if Buyer’s present intention were to hold the Shares for a fixed period or until the occurrence of a certain event. h. Buyer represents that it has adequate means of providing for its current needs and has no need for liquidity in this investment in the Shares. Buyer has no reason to anticipate any material change in its personal financial condition for the foreseeable future. Buyer is financially able to bear the economic risk of this investment, including the ability to hold the Shares indefinitely, or to afford a complete loss of its investment in the shares. 2 i. Buyer represents that Buyer’s overall commitment to investments which are not readily marketable is not disproportionate to Buyer’s net worth, and Buyer’s investment in the Shares will not cause such overall commitment to become excessive. j. Buyer will not pledge, transfer or assign this Agreement. Buyer represents that the funds provided for this purchase of Shares are funds as to which Buyer has the sole right of management. Buyer is purchasing the Shares with the funds of Buyer and not with the funds of any other person, firm, or entity and is acquiring the Shares for Buyer’s account. No entity or person other than Buyer has any beneficial interest in the Shares being purchased hereunder. 5. Post Closing Covenants . After the Closing, at the request of either party, the other party shall execute, acknowledge and deliver, without further consideration, all such further assignments, conveyances, endorsements, deeds, powers of attorney, consents and other documents and take such other action as may be reasonably requested to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 6. Miscellaneous . a. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as otherwise set forth herein, this Agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto without the prior written consent of the other party hereto. Except as otherwise set forth herein, nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer on any person other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement. b. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications which are required to be or may be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person, or upon receipt after dispatch by certified or registered first class mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the party to whom the same is so given or made to the addresses initially provided above(or such others as shall be provided in writing hereinafter), or by electronic means. c. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. d. Headings. The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning or interpretation of the Agreement. e. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which, when executed, shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. 3 f. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed as to both validity and performance and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to the conflicts of law principles thereof. Any action brought by either party against the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the state courts of Nevada or in the federal courts located in the State of Nevada. Both parties and the individuals executing this Agreement agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and waive trial by jury. In the event that any provision of the Agreement or any related agreement delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. g. Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement shall to any extent be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of the Agreement shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law. h. Amendments. This Agreement may not be modified or changed except by an instrument or instruments in writing executed by the parties hereto. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. BUYER: SELLER: Co-Diagnostics, Inc. Ted Murphy By: /s/ Dwight Egan /s/ Ted Murphy Dwight H. Egan, its President 4 EX-10.19 18 axdx_ex1019.htm NON-INTEREST BEARING NOTE axdx_ex1019.htm EXHIBIT 10.19 THIS NOTE DOES NOT REQUIRE PHYSICAL SURRENDER OF THIS NOTE IN THE EVENT OF A PARTIAL REDEMPTION OR REPAYMENT. AS A RESULT, FOLLOWING ANY REDEMPTION OR REPAYMENT OF ANY PORTION OF THIS NOTE, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AMOUNT REPRESENTED BY THIS NOTE MAY BE LESS THAN THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT SET FORTH BELOW. NON-INTEREST BEARING NOTE DUE 2020 Original Principal Amount: $445,000 Issuance Date: March 20, 2017 Salt Lake City, Utah FOR VALUE RECEIVED , Co-Diagnostics, Inc., a Utah corporation ( “Maker”) promises to pay to or upon the order of Zika Diagnostics, Inc , f/k/a/ Watermark Group, Inc. a Nevada corporation, or its registered assigns or successors-in-interest (the “ Holder ”) the principal sum of Four Hundred Forty Five Thousand Dollars ($445,000.00) , on the Final Maturity Date, in accordance with the terms hereof. This Note is non-interest bearing during the term hereof. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, this Note shall bear interest on the outstanding Principal Amount from and after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the rate (the “ Default Rate ”) equal to the lower of twelve percent (12%) per annum or the highest rate permitted by applicable law. Unless otherwise agreed or required by applicable law in the event of default, payments will be applied first to any unpaid collection costs, then to unpaid interest and fees and any remaining amount to unpaid principal. All payments of principal of and interest on this Note shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America by immediately available funds to as the Holder may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. This Note may be prepaid in whole or in part as specifically provided herein. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a Business Day (as defined below), the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a Business Day and such extension shall be taken into account in determining the amount of interest accrued on this Note. The following terms and conditions shall apply to this Note: - 1 - 1. Definitions. (a) For purposes hereof the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below: “Bankruptcy Event” means any of the following events: (a) any one or more of the Makers commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Maker; (b) there is commenced against any of the Makers any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement; (c) any of the Makers is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; (d) any of the Makers suffers any appointment of any trustee, custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of his or her property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 days; (e) any of the Makers makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (f) any of the Makers fails to pay, states that he is unable to pay, or is unable to pay, its debts (excluding those reasonably disputed in good faith by the Maker generally as they become due; or (g) any of the Makers, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates his consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. “Cash” or