,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and our
consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before deciding to invest in our common stock. Welcome
to the Traegerhood Our mission is to bring people together to create a more flavorful world. Traeger is the creator and category leader of the wood pellet grill, an outdoor cooking system that ignites all-natural hardwoods to grill, smoke, bake, roast, braise, and barbeque. Our Traeger grills are versatile and easy to use, empowering cooks of all skillsets to create delicious meals with a wood-fired flavor
that cannot be replicated with gas, charcoal, or electric grills. At the heart of our brand is a passionate and engaged community called
the Traegerhood, which includes everyone from casual grillers to competition pitmasters and professional chefs. Our flagship wood pellet grills are internet of things, or IoT, devices that allow owners to program, monitor, and control their grill
through our Traeger app, which is used on more than 1.6 million mobile devices per month. We complement our innovative cooking technologies with a digital library of approximately 1,600 original recipes and Traeger Kitchen Live cooking classes,
which receive over 144,000 weekly views. In addition, we offer consumable products, such as wood pellets, rubs, and sauces, that drive recurring revenue. Leveraging our authentic brand and the Traegerhood, we have established an omnichannel distribution strategy led by retailers ranging from Ace
Hardware and The Home Depot to Wayfair and Williams Sonoma. We complement this retail channel with direct to consumer sales through our website and Traeger app. We believe this accessibility has fueled our growth, as we have increased our revenue
from $262.1 million in 2017 to $545.8 million in 2020, representing a compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, of 28%. Today, we
estimate that 60% of U.S. households own a grill, representing a total addressable market of approximately 75 million households in the United States. With approximately 2.0 million Traegers sold in the United States from 2016 to 2020, we
estimate that our U.S. household penetration is only 3% of this total addressable market. As a result, we believe our potential market opportunity is massive and that our ability to grow within and beyond the outdoor grill market is unrivaled. We
see opportunities to expand our integrated, connected cooking platform with new types of technologies and experiences. Together with the Traegerhood, we are disrupting home cooking. 1 Table of Contents The Traeger Before we invented the Traeger, the age-old practice of cooking with wood could be challenging. It was
difficult to ignite the wood, maintain consistent temperatures, and create the right amount of smoke for flavoring. With the advent of cooking methods such as electricity and gas, wood-fired cooking was, for a time, relegated to barbecue pitmasters
and high-end restaurants. Nevertheless, cooking with wood can simply make food taste better. If done correctly, wood offers distinct flavors, and different types of woods can be used independently or in
combination to introduce flavors that we believe are otherwise difficult to create. The Traeger simplifies the process of cooking with
wood and empowers everyone from a casual griller to a professional chef to create delicious meals that we believe cannot be replicated with gas-, electric- or charcoal-based cooking systems. Our grills use an
auger to feed natural hardwood pellets into a fire pot, where they are ignited by a hot rod to create consistent heat and flavorful smoke. A fan stokes the fire and creates convection, which is key to the versatility of our grills. The Traeger
monitors the temperature and adjusts the auger and fan to maintain consistent cooking conditions. All of this is accomplished by pressing a button and setting a temperature. We believe our wood pellet grills offer the following advantages: • Taste: Hardwood smoke can make beef, pork, poultry, seafood, vegetables, and baked goods taste delicious.
Wood-fired cooking suits numerous eating styles and diets including paleo, ketogenic, gluten-free, vegetarian, and vegan. • Versatility: The Traeger is able to grill, smoke, bake, roast, braise, and barbecue. Culinary traditions
from around the world are represented in the Traeger recipe collection. • Ease of Use: Connected Traegers can be programmed via smartphone to accomplish multi-hour cook cycles with
minimal supervision. Thanks to this accessible user experience, even new Traeger owners can cook recipes ranging from barbecue ribs, Moroccan ground meat kebabs, and teriyaki-glazed cod to wood-fired pizza,
focaccia bread, and chocolate chip cookies to smoked guacamole, blistered curry cauliflower, and pasta salad. • Consistency: By automatically monitoring and maintaining the set temperature, the Traeger cooks food with
minimal supervision, creating consistent results each session. • Community: The Traeger brings friends, family, and neighbors together for memorable meals. These elevated
experiences motivate the Traegerhood to support members with recipe ideas, photos, and tips. 2 Table of Contents Based on a survey we commissioned in 2017, owners of a Traeger and at least one other grill
overwhelmingly preferred their Traeger in a head-to-head comparison against gas and charcoal grills, and approximately 90% of Traeger owners indicated that they planned
to buy a wood pellet grill again as their next grill. We believe the Traeger outcompetes other outdoor cooking solutions because it creates mouth-watering results and transforms cooking from a chore into an enjoyable and cherished experience. Our
grill owners proudly call it “Traegering.” A Passionate Community Everyone loves to eat. The Traeger teaches people to love cooking too. We strive to make our grill owners the heroes of their backyard
gatherings with friends and family. Together, we carry on the ancient tradition of cooking food over a wood fire. Members of the
Traegerhood use their grill frequently and advocate passionately for our brand. Data from our cloud-connected grills suggest the average owner cooked 56 times on their Traeger in 2020. In a survey involving 235 Traeger owners, 80% of these customers
responded that they have recommended Traeger to an average of six people. Our surveys also suggest that 80% of Traeger owners engage with the brand, whether by visiting our website (69%), talking about us with friends and family (56%), and/or
watching our videos (47%). Traeger has the largest social media community of any grilling brand, with 1.6 million followers across
Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube as of March 15, 2021. We believe that this community brings new people to Traeger, creates solidarity within the Traegerhood, and motivates owners to use their grills more often. In 2020, our social media
following grew 40%, and we doubled the percentage of followers who engage with our posts by sharing, liking, replying, or commenting. Our active members seem to eat, sleep, and breathe Traeger and contributed more than 350,000 user-generated posts
across Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter in 2020. Our group of foodies, pitmasters, and backyard heroes proudly wear our branded apparel,
sometimes sport Traeger tattoos, and occasionally name a child after us (that’s not an exaggeration). From moms and dads to professional athletes and their fans, from outdoorsmen and outdoorswomen to weekend warriors and world-class chefs, the
Traegerhood is an inclusive and diverse community. Together, we are redefining what home cooks can accomplish with a backyard grill, and we are making outdoor cooking accessible to everyone. Strong Financial Performance With our
premium product offering, innovative approach to home cooking, and passionate community, we are delivering exceptional financial performance: • We increased the estimated average retail equivalent price paid for our grills from approximately $678 in 2017 to
$839 in 2020, representing a CAGR of 7%; • We more than doubled revenue from $262.1 million in 2017 to $545.8 million in 2020, representing a CAGR of
28%; • We increased the percentage of revenue from sales of consumables, which includes wood pellets, rubs, and sauces,
from 18.1% in 2017 to 22.0% in 2020; • We grew net income from a net loss of $22.3 million in 2017 to net income of $31.6 million in 2020; and • We more than doubled Adjusted EBITDA from $54.4 million in 2019 to $116.1 million in 2020. For a
reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, information about why we consider Adjusted EBITDA useful and a discussion of the material risks and limitations of this measure, please see
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Adjusted EBITDA.” 3 Table of Contents Our Market Opportunity Food consumption is a fundamental part of life. In 2019, food was the third largest annual expenditure for consumers in the United States after
housing and transportation according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Our ambition is to empower consumers to create memorable food with our integrated, connected home cooking platform. In the United States, the total spend on food at home,
which primarily includes grocery purchases, was $1.1 trillion in 2020 and has grown at a CAGR of 4.3% since 2015 according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. On top of that, consumers in the United States spent $698 billion on food away
from home in 2020. We believe our current premium product offering, which consists of cloud-connected wood pellet grills, consumables,
and grill accessories, addresses a large consumer base. In the United States, our primary market, we estimate that the installed base of grills was nearly 100 million as of December 31, 2020, with nearly one-third of U.S. grill-owning households owning multip