, the financial statements and the documents incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise indicated,
the terms “Corcept,” “we,” “us,” “our,” “our company” “the company” and “our business” refer to Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated. Overview We are a pharmaceutical company engaged in the development of drugs for the treatment of severe psychiatric and metabolic diseases. Our current focus is on the development of drugs for disorders that are associated
with a steroid hormone called cortisol. Elevated levels and abnormal release patterns of cortisol have been implicated in a broad range of human disorders. Our scientific founders are responsible for many of the critical discoveries illustrating the
link between psychiatric and metabolic disorders and aberrant cortisol. Since our inception in May 1998, we have been developing our lead product, CORLUX ® , a glucocorticoid receptor II, or
GR-II, antagonist. CORLUX modulates the effect of cortisol by selectively blocking the binding of cortisol to one of its two known receptors, the GR-II receptor, also known as the Type II or GR receptor. • Psychotic depression . We have an exclusive patent license from Stanford University for the use of GR-II antagonists to treat the psychotic features of
psychotic major depression, hereinafter referred to as psychotic depression. The United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, has granted “fast track” status to our program to evaluate the safety and efficacy of CORLUX for the
treatment of the psychotic features of psychotic depression. Psychotic depression affects approximately three million people annually in the US. There is no FDA-approved treatment for psychotic depression. Psychiatrists currently use two approaches:
electroconvulsive therapy, or ECT, which involves passing an electrical current through the brain until the patient has a seizure, and combination drug therapy (simultaneous use of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications). Both ECT and
combination drug therapy almost always have slow onsets of action and debilitating side effects. By modifying the level and release pattern of cortisol within the human body, we believe that CORLUX may be able to treat the psychotic features of
psychotic depression more quickly and effectively and with fewer side effects than is possible with currently available treatments. Three Phase 3 clinical trials have been completed. While the response rate to medicine exceeded the response rate to placebo in each of these studies for the primary endpoint, a 50% reduction in the Brief Psychiatric
Rating Scale Positive Symptom Subscale (BPRS PSS) at day 7 sustained to day 56, in none of these studies was the difference in response rate statistically significant. However a robust relationship was demonstrated between higher dosing plasma level
and a higher response rate. This relationship was tested prospectively in the last of our completed Phase 3 trials using a predetermined plasma concentration that correlates with response and was met with statistical significance. We believe that
the confirmation of a drug concentration/response correlation threshold for efficacy provides a strong basis for our fourth Phase 3 study, which commenced enrollment in March 2008. If we obtain FDA approval, we initially intend to market and sell CORLUX for psychotic depression in the United States directly to hospitals with
in-patient psychiatric units, first focusing on those that use ECT. We then intend to expand our sales efforts to address the larger group of psychotic depression patients currently undergoing combination drug therapy. Given the concentrated nature
of the initial target audience, we believe that we will be able to generate significant revenue with a relatively small, highly-focused medical education and commercialization team. • Antipsychotic-induced Weight Gain Mitigation . In June 2007, we announced preliminary top-line results of our proof-of-concept study evaluating the ability of
CORLUX to mitigate weight gain associated with the administration of olanzapine. The top line results indicated a statistically significant reduction in weight gain in those subjects who took olanzapine plus CORLUX compared to those who took
olanzapine alone. The purpose of this study was to explore the hypothesis that GR-II antagonists would mitigate weight gain associated with atypical antipsychotic medications, such as olanzapine, risperidone, clozapine and quetiapine, which are
widely used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. All medications in this group Table of Contents are associated with treatment emergent weight gain of varying degrees and carry a warning label relating to treatment emergent hyperglycemia and diabetes
mellitus. Eli Lilly provided olanzapine and financial support for this study. • Cushing’s Syndrome . The FDA has granted Orphan Drug Designation for CORLUX for the treatment of endogenous Cushing’s Syndrome, hereinafter referred
to as “Cushing’s Syndrome”—a disorder caused by prolonged exposure of the body’s tissues to high levels of the hormone cortisol. “Orphan” drugs obtain seven years of marketing exclusivity from the date of approval,
as well as tax credits for clinical trial costs, marketing application filing fee waivers and assistance from the FDA in the drug development process. The Investigational New Drug application, or IND, for the evaluation of CORLUX for the treatment of Cushing’s Syndrome was opened in September 2007. The FDA has indicated that a single study may provide a
reasonable basis for the submission of a New Drug Application, or NDA, for this indication. This trial was opened for enrollment late in December 2007. In addition to the above, we also own or have exclusively licensed issued patents and patent applications relating to the treatment of several disorders that we believe also result from, or are negatively affected by,
prolonged exposure to elevated cortisol including increasing the therapeutic response to ECT, mild cognitive impairment, stress disorders and the treatment of delirium. We also have filed patent applications for additional diseases that may benefit
from treatment with a drug that blocks the GR-II receptor. We were incorporated in
the State of Delaware on May 13, 1998. Our registered trademarks include Corcept ® and CORLUX. Other service marks, trademarks and tradenames referred to in this prospectus are the
property of their respective owners. 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the
risks and uncertainties set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before you decide to purchase our
common stock. If any of these possible adverse events actually occurs, we may be unable to conduct our business as currently planned and our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. In addition, the trading price of our common
stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks, and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Please see “Special Note Regarding