Investment in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks together with the other information contained in this prospectus before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks occur, our
  business, financial condition, results of operations or future growth could suffer. In these circumstances, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Additional risks not
  currently known or deemed immaterial may also result in adverse results for the Company’s business. Risks related to our business The beauty business is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete effectively our results will suffer. We face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world, including large multinational consumer products companies. Some of our competitors have greater resources than we do and may be able to respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than we can. Most
  of our products compete with other widely advertised brands within each product segment. Competition in the beauty business is based on pricing of products, quality of products and packaging, perceived value and quality of brands, innovation, in-store presence and visibility, promotional activities,
  advertising, editorials, e-commerce and mobile-commerce initiatives and other activities. It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our competitors’ actions in these areas or whether new competitors will emerge in the beauty business, including competitors who offer comparable products at
  more attractive prices. In particular, the fragrances segment in the United States is being influenced by the high volume of new product introductions by diverse companies across several different distribution channels, including private label brands and cheaper brands that have increased pricing pressure.
  In addition, further technological breakthroughs, new product offerings by competitors, and the strength and success of our competitors’ marketing programs may impede our growth and the implementation of our business strategy. Our ability to compete also depends on the continued strength of our
  products, both power brands and other brands, including our continued leadership in fragrances, growth and innovation in color cosmetics and growth in skin & body care, the success of our branding, innovation and execution strategies, our ability to acquire or enter into new licenses and to continue to act
  as licensee of choice for various brands, the continued diversity of our product offerings to help us compete effectively, the successful management of new product introductions and innovations, our success in entering new markets and expanding our business in existing geographies, the success of any
  future acquisitions and our ability to protect our intellectual property. If we are unable to continue to compete effectively on a global basis, it could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Rapid changes in market trends and consumer preferences could adversely affect our financial results. Our continued success depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and cost-effective manner to industry trends and changes in consumer preferences for fragrances, color cosmetics and skin & body care products, consumer attitudes toward our industry and brands and in where and
  how consumers shop for those products. We must continually work to develop, produce and market new products, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, achieve a favorable mix of products and refine our approach as to how and where we market and sell our products. Net revenues and
  margins on beauty products tend to decline as they advance in their life cycles, so our net revenues and margins could suffer if we do not successfully and continuously develop new products. While we devote considerable effort and resources to shape, analyze and respond to consumer preferences,
  consumer tastes cannot be predicted with certainty and can change rapidly. Additionally, due to the increasing use of social and digital media by consumers and the speed by which information and opinions are shared, trends and tastes may continue to change even more 15 quickly. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to trends in the market for beauty and related products and changing consumer demands, our financial results may suffer. Our success depends on our ability to achieve our global business strategy. Our future growth, profitability and cash flows depend upon our ability to successfully implement our global business strategy, which is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to: • develop our global power brands portfolio through branding, innovation and execution; • identify and incubate new and existing brands with the potential to develop into global power brands; • innovate and develop new products that are appealing to the consumer; • extend our brands into the other segments of the beauty industry in which we compete and develop new brands; • acquire or enter into new licenses; • expand our geographic presence to take advantage of opportunities in developed and emerging markets; • continue to expand our distribution channels within existing geographies to increase market presence, brand recognition and sales; • expand our market presence through alternative distribution channels; • expand margins through sales growth, the development of higher margin products and supply chain integration and efficiency initiatives; • effectively manage capital investments and working capital to improve the generation of cash flow; and • execute any acquisitions quickly and efficiently and integrate businesses successfully. There can be no assurance that we can successfully achieve any or all of the above initiatives in the manner or time period that we expect. Further, achieving these objectives will require investments which may result in short-term costs without generating any current net revenues and, therefore, may be
  dilutive to our earnings, at least in the short term. In addition, we may decide to divest or discontinue certain brands or streamline operations and incur other costs or special charges in doing so. We cannot give any assurance that we will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated strategic benefits we
  expect our strategy will achieve. The failure to realize those benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition targets or realize the full intended benefit of acquisitions we undertake. During the past several years, we have explored and undertaken opportunities to acquire other companies and assets as part of our growth strategy. The assets we have acquired in the past several years represent a significant portion of our net assets. In fiscal 2011 we acquired four businesses:
  Philosophy, OPI, Dr. Scheller and TJoy. We will continue to evaluate and anticipate engaging in additional selected acquisitions that would complement our current product offerings, expand our distribution channels, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer operating
  efficiency opportunities and growth potential. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates in the future or consummate acquisitions on favorable terms or otherwise realize the full intended benefit of such transactions. For example, we recently
  experienced an unanticipated leadership change at TJoy after we acquired it which, combined with less favorable trade conditions in China, has resulted in TJoy performing below our expectations and impairments of trademarks. Similarly, Philosophy earned lower net revenues than expected in the first
  fiscal year after its acquisition primarily due to delays in planned international market product distribution expansion, which also resulted in impairments of trademarks. See “—Our goodwill and other assets could be subject to impairment.” Our failure to achieve intended 16 benefits from any future acquisitions could cause a material adverse effect on our results, business or financial condition. Our acquisition activities may present managerial, integration, operational and financial risks. Our acquisition activities expose us to certain risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core businesses and potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired businesses. If required, the financing for an acquisition could increase our indebtedness, dilute the interests of
  our stockholders or both. Further, acquisitions of foreign businesses entail certain particular risks, including difficulties in markets and environments where we lack a significant presence, including inability to seize opportunities available in those markets in comparison to our global or local competitors.
  For example, our growth strategy may require us to seek market penetration through sales channels with which we are not familiar, which may be the dominant sales channels in the relevant geographies. To the extent we acquire businesses located in countries or jurisdictions with currencies other than
  the U.S. dollar, the U.S. dollar equivalent cost of the acquisition, as well as future profits and revenues, may be adversely impacted should exchange rates vary in unexpected ways. We may experience difficulties in integrating newly acquired businesses. For example, after our acquisition of TJoy, a
  significant portion of TJoy’s former management departed earlier than expected. Even if we are able to integrate our acquired businesses, such transactions i