—Risks Related to the Stock Offering— Our articles of incorporation provide that, subject to limited exception, state and federal courts in the State of Maryland are the sole
and exclusive forum for certain stockholders litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, and other employees.” TRANSFER AGENT The transfer agent and registrar for Central Plains Bancshares’ common stock will be _______________, ___________, _______________. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Home Federal Savings at March 31, 2023 and 2022 and for each of the years ended March 31,
2023 and 2022 have been included herein in reliance upon the report of Plante & Moran, PLLC, independent registered public accounting firm, which is included in this prospectus and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting
and auditing. Feldman Financial Advisors, Inc. has consented to the publication in this prospectus of the summary of its report to
Central Plains Bancshares setting forth its opinion as to the estimated pro forma market value of the shares of common stock upon completion of the conversion and stock offering and of its letter with respect to subscription rights. 128 Table of Contents CHANGE IN AUDITOR On January 13, 2023 Home Federal Savings dismissed Forvis, LLP and engaged Plante & Moran, PLLC as its independent auditor. This
change in auditors was approved by Home Federal Savings’ Board of Directors. Plante & Moran, PLLC was engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements of Home Federal Savings for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022
according to auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Before the engagement of Plante & Moran, PLLC,
Home Federal Savings did not consult with Plante & Moran, PLLC regarding the application of accounting principles to a specific completed or proposed transaction or regarding the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by
Plante & Moran, PLLC on Home Federal Savings’ consolidated financial statements, and Plante & Moran, PLLC did not provide any written or oral advice that was an important factor considered by Home Federal Savings in reaching a
decision as to any such accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, and Home Federal Savings did not consult with Plante & Moran, PLLC regarding any of the matters or events set forth in Item 304(a)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K. The report of Forvis, LLP on its audit of the consolidated financial statements of Home Federal
Savings for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, performed under AICPA auditing standards, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principle.
In connection with its audit of the consolidated financial statements of Home Federal Savings for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, performed under AICPA standards, there were no disagreements with Forvis, LLP on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Forvis, LLP, would have caused them to make reference thereto in their reports, and there have been
no reportable events as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. Home Federal Savings
provided Forvis, LLP with a copy of this disclosure before its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission and requested that Forvis, LLP furnish Home Federal Savings with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating
whether it agrees with the above statements and, if it does not agree, the respects in which it does not agree. A copy of the letter is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of Central Plains Bancshares, of which this prospectus is a
part. LEGAL MATTERS Luse Gorman, PC, Washington, D.C., counsel to Central Plains Bancshares and Home Federal Savings, has issued to Central Plains Bancshares its
opinion regarding the legality of the common stock and has issued to Central Plains Bancshares and Home Federal Savings its opinion regarding the federal income tax consequences of the conversion and stock offering. Forvis, LLP, Omaha, Nebraska, has
issued its opinion to Central Plains Bancshares and Home Federal Savings regarding the Nebraska state income tax consequences of the conversion and stock offering. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for KBW and, in the event of a syndicated
offering, for any other co-managers, by Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP, Washington, D.C. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Central Plains Bancshares has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, with respect to the shares of common stock offered hereby. As permitted by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this prospectus does not contain all the information set forth in the registration statement.
Such information, including the appraisal report, which is an exhibit to the registration statement, can be examined without charge at the public reference facilities of the Securities and Exchange Commission located at 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies of such material can be obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission at prescribed rates. The Securities and Exchange Commission telephone number is 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission maintains a web site ( www.sec.gov ) that contains reports, proxy and information statements
and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Central Plains Bancshares. The statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document
filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are, of necessity, brief descriptions of the material terms of, and should be read in conjunction with, such contract or document. 129 Table of Contents Home Federal Savings has filed with the OCC an application for conversion. This prospectus
omits certain information contained in the application. The application may be examined at the OCC Central District Office located at 425 S. Financial Place, Suite 1700, Chicago, Illinois 60605. A copy of the plan of conversion is available for
review at Home Federal Savings’ offices. In connection with the conversion and stock offering, Central Plains Bancshares will
register its common stock under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Upon registration, Central Plains Bancshares and the holders of its common stock will become subject to the proxy solicitation rules, reporting requirements and
restrictions on common stock purchases and sales by directors, officers and greater than 10% stockholders, the annual and periodic reporting and certain other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the plan of conversion, Central
Plains Bancshares has undertaken that it will not terminate such registration for a period of at least three years following the consummation of the conversion and stock offering. 130 Table of Contents HOME FEDERAL SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION OF GRAND ISLAND AND SUBSIDIARY TABLE OF CONTENTS Page REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM F-2 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND
2022: Statements of Financial Condition F-3 Statements of Income F-4 Statements of Comprehensive Income F-5 Statements of Changes in Equity F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 – F-40 Separate financial statements for Central Plains Bancshares, Inc. have not been included in this prospectus because it has
not engaged in any significant activities, has no significant assets, and has no contingent liabilities, revenue or expenses. All financial
statement schedules have been omitted as the required information either is not applicable or is included in the financial statements or related notes. F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors Home Federal Savings and Loan
Association of Grand Island and Subsidiary Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of Home Federal Savings and Loan Association of Grand Island and Subsidiary
(the “Company”) as of March 31, 2022 and 2023; the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended March 31, 2023; and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of March 31, 2022, and 2023; and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatemen