Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
    You should carefully consider the following risks, together with
    all of the information included in this prospectus, before
    investing in our common stock. In addition to the risks outlined
    below, there may be other unforeseen risks which may not or
    cannot be identified at this time. If any of these risks were to
    occur, our business, financial condition and results of
    operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that
    case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and
    you might lose all or part of your investment. RISKS RELATED TO
    OUR BUSINESS Our Amelior
    product candidate has not been approved for sale and may never
    be successfully commercialized. We anticipate that a substantial portion of our future growth
    will come from sales of our Amelior product candidate. However,
    Amelior has neither been approved nor marketed by the U.S. Food
    and Drug Administration, or FDA, and it is still subject to
    risks associated with its clinical development. Amelior is undergoing Phase III clinical trials to test its
    efficacy and safety. Delays in the completion of these clinical
    trials, which can result from unforeseen issues, FDA
    interventions, problems with enrolling patients and other
    reasons, could significantly delay commercial launch and affect
    our product development costs. Moreover, results from these
    clinical studies may not be as favorable as the results we
    obtained in prior, completed studies. If the results of our clinical trials are favorable, we intend
    to submit to the FDA an application for marketing approval for
    Amelior. The FDA may decline to accept our application. If the
    FDA declines our application, it may require that we conduct
    additional studies and submit additional data prior to
    resubmitting the application. If the FDA accepts and reviews the
    application, it may still require that we conduct additional
    studies or submit other data. Conducting studies and collecting,
    analyzing and submitting necessary data can be time-consuming
    and expensive. The FDA may not act on our application during the
    timeframe that we expect. Moreover, the FDA might not approve
    our application, in which event we would not be able to sell
    Amelior in the U.S., or it might approve Amelior for only
    limited uses, in which event the market for this product could
    be significantly reduced, adversely affecting our commercial
    opportunity. In addition, new government regulations could
    prevent or delay regulatory approval of Amelior. Amelior, which is injectable ibuprofen, is a non-steroidal
    anti-inflammatory drug, or NSAID. The widespread use of NSAIDs
    has meant that the adverse effects of these relatively safe
    drugs have become increasingly prevalent. The two main adverse
    drug reactions associated with NSAIDs relate to the
    gastrointestinal tract and the kidneys. Recent studies suggest
    there may also be a risk of cardiovascular adverse effects
    associated with NSAIDs. While we are currently studying the
    safety of Amelior in our clinical trials, the FDA may require
    additional safety data be collected prior to or after any
    approval of the product. Even if Amelior is successfully developed and approved by the
    FDA, it may never gain significant acceptance in the marketplace
    and therefore never generate substantial revenue or profits for
    us. Physicians may determine that existing drugs are adequate to
    address patients’ needs. For example, oral non-narcotic
    pain and fever reducers, as well as narcotic IV pain
    relievers, are widely available and commonly prescribed. If
    physicians determine that Amelior is safe and effective, it will
    still compete, on a patient-by-patient and physician-by-physician basis, with other therapeutic alternatives. Additionally, we are
    aware of other companies developing products that would address
    the same market that we are targeting for Amelior. The extent to
    which Amelior will be reimbursed by the U.S. government or third- 6 Table of Contents Risk
    factors party payors is also currently unknown, and reimbursement levels
    of Amelior compared to those of other competitive drugs will
    also affect the level of market acceptance. As a result of the foregoing and other factors, we do not know
    the extent to which Amelior will contribute to our future growth. We currently
    market two products, Acetadote and Kristalose. An adverse
    development regarding either of these products could have a
    material and adverse impact on us. We currently market and sell two products, Acetadote and
    Kristalose. Changes impacting either product in areas such as
    competition, government regulation, intellectual property,
    reimbursement and manufacturing would profoundly affect us.
    Similarly, a product contamination or other safety issue in
    either of our product markets, whether or not directly involving
    our products, could negatively impact us. If any
    manufacturer we rely upon fails to produce our products and
    product candidates in the amounts we require on a timely basis,
    or fails to comply with stringent regulations applicable to
    pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the
    commercialization of Amelior, or may be unable to meet demand
    for the product supplied by the manufacturer and may lose
    potential revenues. We do not manufacture any of our products or product candidates,
    and we do not currently plan to develop any capacity to do so.
    Our dependence upon third parties for the manufacture of
    products could adversely affect our profit margins or our
    ability to develop and deliver products on a timely and
    competitive basis. If for any reason we are unable to obtain or
    retain third-party manufacturers on commercially acceptable
    terms, we may not be able to sell our products as planned.
    Furthermore, if we encounter delays or difficulties with
    contract manufacturers in producing our products, the
    distribution, marketing and subsequent sales of these products
    could be adversely affected. In either event, we may choose to
    or need to seek an alternative source of supply for, or abandon,
    a product line or sell a product line on unsatisfactory terms.
    Our agreement with Bioniche Teoranta, or Bioniche, for the
    exclusive manufacture and supply of Acetadote requires that we
    obtain Acetadote only from Bioniche, even if we could obtain
    Acetadote from another supplier on terms more favorable than the
    terms of our agreement with Bioniche. We have minimum purchase obligations under our Acetadote supply
    agreement with Bioniche and our Kristalose supply agreement with
    Inalco S.p.A. and Inalco Biochemicals, Inc., or collectively
    Inalco. If our purchase obligations exceed demand for these
    products, we may be forced to either breach our contract with
    that manufacturer or purchase a supply of the product that we
    may be unable to sell. Our contract with Bioniche extends until
    2011, and our contract with Inalco extends until 2021. On February 2, 2007, Mayne Pharma Pty. Ltd., our exclusive
    manufacturer of Amelior, was acquired by Hospira, Inc. If
    Hospira encounters integration problems or if we have
    disagreements with Hospira, with whom we have not collaborated
    in the past, our supply of Amelior could be interrupted. Amelior is manufactured at a single facility in Australia.
    Acetadote is manufactured at a single facility in Ireland and
    the active pharmaceutical ingredient for Kristalose is
    manufactured at a single facility in Italy. If any one of these
    facilities is damaged or destroyed, or if local conditions
    result in a work stoppage, we could suffer a delay or suspension
    of clinical trials, in the case of Amelior, or an inability to
    meet demand in the case of our marketed products. Kristalose is
    manufactured through a complex process involving trade secrets
    of the manufacturer. Accordingly, it would be particularly
    difficult to find a new manufacturer of Kristalose on an
    expedited basis. 7 Table of Contents Risk
    factors In addition, all manufacturers of our products and product
    candidates must comply with current good manufacturing
    practices, referred to as cGMP, enforced by the FDA through its
    facilities inspection program. These requirements include
    quality control, quality assurance and the maintenance of
    records and documentation. Manufacturers of our product
    candidates may be unable to comply with cGMP requirements and
    with other FDA, state and foreign regulatory requirements. We
    have no control over our manufacturers’ compliance with
    these regulations and standards. If our third-party
    manufacturers do not comply with these requirements, we could be
    subject to: Ø fines and civil penalties; Ø suspension of production or distribution; Ø suspension or delay in product approval; Ø product seizure or recall; and Ø withdrawal of product approval. We are dependent
    on a variety of other third parties. If these third parties fail
    to perform as we expect, our operations could be disrupted and
    our financial results could suffer. We have a relatively small internal infrastructure. We rely on a
    variety of third parties, other than our third-party
    manufacturers, to help us operate our business. Other third
    parties on which we rely include: Ø Cardinal Health Specialty Pharmaceutical Services, a logistics
    and fulfillment company and business unit of Cardinal, which
    warehouses and ships both Kristalose and Acetadote; Ø Advogent Group, Inc., a spin-off of Cardinal, which provides a
    field sales force that is the primary selling team for