See “Risk Factors” , as well as other information included in this prospectus, for a discussion of factors you should read and consider carefully before investing in our
securities. Trading Market Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “CPRX.” The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering as shown above is based on 24,741,520 shares outstanding as of April 6, 2012 and excludes: • 2,019,888 shares of our common stock subject to outstanding options under our 2006 Stock Incentive Plan having a weighted average exercise price of
$1.19 per share; • 1,459,220 shares of our common stock subject to outstanding options outside of our 2006 Stock Incentive Plan having a weighted average exercise price
of $0.69 per share; • 239,270 shares of our common stock that have been reserved for issuance in connection with our 2006 Stock Incentive Plan; and • 1,523,370 shares of our common stock that have been reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants at an exercise price of $1.30 per
share. Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise by the
underwriters of their over-allotment option. 3 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as the other
information in this prospectus before deciding to invest in or maintain your investment in our company. The risks described below are not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the potential risks relating to an investment in our securities. Any of
the risk factors described below could significantly and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known or that are currently considered to be
immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business. As a result, the trading price or value of our securities could be materially adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We are
a development stage company. Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future performance. We are a
development stage company. We are the successor by merger to a company that began operations in 2002. As such, we have a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our current business and our prospects. The likelihood of our future
success must be viewed in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, delays and complications often encountered in the operation of a new business, especially in the pharmaceutical industry, where failures of new companies are common. We are
subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of a development stage company, including availability of capital, regulatory setbacks and delays, fluctuations in expenses, competition and government regulation. If we fail to address
these risks and uncertainties, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects would be adversely affected. We have
no products currently available and we have never had any products available for commercial sale. We have had no revenues
from product sales to date, currently have no products available for commercial sale, and have never had any products available for commercial sale. We expect to incur losses at least until we can commercialize CPP-109. Our net loss was $6,391,062
for the year ended December 31, 2011, and as of December 31, 2011 we had a deficit accumulated during the development stage of $38,102,617. We may never obtain approval of an NDA for CPP-109 or CPP-115 and may never achieve profitability. Our business will require additional capital. Our business will require additional capital to meet our product development objectives. We presently have funds that will allow us to complete: (i) the U.S. Phase II(b) clinical trial of CPP-109
that we are jointly conducting with NIDA and the VA; and (ii) the Phase I(a) clinical trial of CPP-115 evaluating the safety of CPP-115 in humans. We currently expect to receive the results from the U.S. Phase I(a) trial of CPP-115 in the
second quarter of 2012 and the Phase II(b) trial of CPP-109 early in the first quarter of 2013. Based on currently available information and without considering the net proceeds of this offering, we estimate that we have sufficient working capital
to support our operations through the end of the first quarter of 2013. The expectations described above are based on current information available to us. If the cost of these studies is greater than we expect, or it takes longer to complete and
obtain the results of these studies, our assumptions may not prove to be accurate. At the present time, we will require
additional funding to complete studies or trials other than those described above, including any Phase III clinical trial that we may be required to complete before we are in a position to file an NDA for CPP-109 for cocaine addiction and any
additional human studies of CPP-115 evaluating the safety and efficacy of its use in treating addiction and epilepsy. Since these studies and trials have not yet been developed, we cannot estimate what our funding requirements will be with respect
to such additional 4 Table of Contents studies and trials. We will also require additional working capital to support our operations beyond the first quarter of 2013 (without considering the proceeds of this offering). There can be no
assurance as to the amount of any such funding that will be required for these purposes or whether any such funding will be available to us when it is required. We expect to raise any required additional funds through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, capital lease transactions, corporate collaborations, governmental research grants or cost
sharing arrangements with NIDA, the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) or other appropriate agencies that operate under the NIH umbrella, and/or other means. However, there is no assurance that any such grants will be
made available, and if available, that we will qualify to receive any such grants. We may also seek to raise additional capital to fund additional product development efforts, even if we have sufficient funds for our planned operations. Any sale by us of additional equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. There can be no
assurance that any such required additional funding will be available to us at all or available on terms acceptable to us. Further, to the extent that we raise additional funds through collaborative arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish
some rights to our technologies or grant sublicenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we are not able to secure additional funding when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more research and development
programs, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Our business is subject to substantial competition. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are highly competitive. In particular, competition for the development and marketing of
therapies to treat addictive substances such as cocaine and methamphetamine and epilepsy is intense and expected to increase. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources, larger research and development staffs
and more experience developing products, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approval of products and manufacturing and marketing products. We compete against pharmaceutical companies that are developing or currently marketing therapies for epilepsy
and addictive substances. In addition, we compete against biotechnology companies, universities, government agencies, and other research institutions in the development of treatments for substance abuse and epilepsy, technologies and processes that
are, or in the future may be, the basis for competitive commercial products. While we believe that our product candidates will offer advantages over many of the currently available competing therapies, our business could be negatively impacted if
our competitors’ present or future treatments are more effective, safer or less expensive than ours, or more readily accepted by regulators, healthcare providers or third-party payers. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and human resources than we do. In addition, many of our
competitors have significantly greater experience than we do in conducting clinical studies and obtaining regulatory approvals of prescription drugs. Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining FDA approval for products more rapidly than
we can. Furthermore, if we are permitted to commence commercial sales of our product candidates, we may also compete with respect to manufacturing efficiency and marketing capabilities. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete
successfully. We face a risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain adequate insurance. Our business exposes us to potential liability risks that may arise from the clinical testing, manufacture, and/or sale of CPP-109 or
CPP-115. Patients have received substantial damage awards in some jurisdictions against pharmaceutical companies based on claims for injuries allegedly caused by the use of pharmaceutical products used in clinical trials or after FDA approval.
Liability claims may be expensive to defend and may result in large judgments against us. We currently carry liability insurance with an aggregate annual coverage limit of $15,000,000 per claim and $15,000,000 in the aggregate, with a deductible of
$10,000 per occurrence. Our insurance may not reimburse us for certain claims or the coverage may not be sufficient to cover claims made against us. We cannot predict all of the possible harms or side e