—Risks Relating to Market Conditions—We are exposed to interest rate risk,” “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Market Conditions—We are exposed to risk from equity market declines or volatility” and “Risk Factors—Risk Relating to Estimates and Assumptions—Estimates, assumptions or data used in the preparation of financial statements and certain modeled results may differ materially from actual experience.” These sensitivity analyses are based on our baseline business plan as of December 31, 2022, are provided only as of the date of this prospectus, and we do not undertake any 102 obligation to make any update or revision to reflect the occurrence of events, changes in assumptions or adjustments in equity markets, interest rates or the yield curve, unanticipated or otherwise, other than as may be required by law. The information appearing in this section, “—Equity Markets and Interest Rate Sensitivity,” is considered prospective financial information. This prospective financial information has been prepared by, and is the responsibility of, the Company’s management. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has neither audited, reviewed, examined, compiled nor applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the above prospective financial information, including, but not limited to, the impact of changing interest rates on APTOI, and, accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. The PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP report included in this prospectus relates to the Company’s historical financial information. It does not extend to the prospective financial information and should not be read to do so. Regulatory Environment The insurance and financial services industries are generally subject to close regulatory scrutiny and supervision. Our operations are subject to regulation by a number of different types of domestic and international regulatory authorities, including securities, derivatives and investment advisory regulators. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by the states and jurisdictions in which they do business. We expect that the domestic and international regulations applicable to us and our regulated entities will continue to evolve for the foreseeable future. For information regarding our regulation and supervision by different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, see “Business—Regulation.” Annuity Sales and Surrenders The rising rate environment and our partnership with Blackstone have provided a strong tailwind for fixed annuity sales with sales in the three- to five-year products significantly increasing, however, higher rates have also resulted in an increase in surrenders. Rising interest rates could continue to create the potential for increased sales but may also drive higher surrenders relative to what we have already experienced. Fixed annuities have surrender charge periods, generally in the three-to-seven-year range. Fixed index annuities have surrender charge periods, generally in the five-to-ten-year range, and within our Group Retirement segment, certain of our fixed investment options are subject to other withdrawal restrictions, which may help mitigate increased early surrenders in a rising rate environment. In addition, older contracts that have higher minimum interest rates and continue to be attractive to contract holders have driven better than expected persistency in fixed annuities, although the reserves for such contracts have continued to decrease over time in amount and as a percentage of the total annuity portfolio. We closely monitor surrenders of fixed annuities as contracts with lower minimum interest rates come out of the surrender charge period. Reinvestment and Spread Management We actively monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the yield curve. We also frequently review our interest rate assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for new and in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve and we attempt to maintain profitability of the overall business in light of the interest rate environment. A rising interest rate environment results in improved yields on new investments and improves margins for our business while also making certain products, such as fixed annuities, more attractive to potential customers. However, the rising rate environment has resulted in lower values on general and separate account assets, mutual fund assets and brokerage and advisory assets that hold investments in fixed income assets. For additional information on our investment and asset-liability management strategies, see “Investments.” For investment-oriented products, including universal life insurance, and variable, fixed and fixed index annuities, in each of our operating and reportable segments, our spread management strategies include disciplined pricing and product design for new business, modifying or limiting the sale of products that do not achieve targeted 103 spreads, using asset-liability management to match assets to liabilities to the extent practicable and actively managing crediting rates to help mitigate some of the pressure on investment spreads. Renewal crediting rate management is guided by specific contract provisions designed to allow crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees. We expect to continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business, as appropriate, to be responsive to changing rate environments. As interest rates rise, we may need to raise crediting rates on in-force business for competitive and other reasons, potentially offsetting a portion of the additional investment income resulting from investing in a higher interest rate environment. Of the aggregate fixed account values of our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement annuity products, 60% and 64% were crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. The percentages of fixed account values of our annuity products that are currently crediting at rates above 1% were 54% and 55% at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. In the universal life insurance products in our Life Insurance business, 63% and 62% of the account values were crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate at March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. These businesses continue to focus on pricing discipline and strategies to manage the minimum guaranteed interest crediting rates offered on new sales in the context of regulatory requirements and competitive positioning. For additional information on our investment and asset-liability management strategies, see Note 5 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements. Impact of Currency Volatility In our life insurance business, we have international locations in the UK and Ireland, whose local currency is the British pound and Euro, respectively. Trends in revenue and expense reported in U.S. dollars can differ significantly from those measured in original currencies. While currency volatility affects financial statement line item components of income and expenses, since our international businesses transact in local currencies, the impact is significantly mitigated. These currencies may continue to fluctuate, in either direction, and such fluctuations may affect premiums, fees and expenses reported in U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement line item comparability. 104 Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Operating Metrics Non-GAAP Financial Measures Throughout this MD&A, we present our financial condition and results of operations in the way we believe will be most meaningful and representative of our business results. Some of the measurements we use are “non-GAAP financial measures” under SEC rules and regulations. We believe presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures allows for a deeper understanding of the profitability drivers of our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. These measures should be considered supplementary to our results of operations and financial condition that are presented in accordance with GAAP and should not be viewed as a substitute for GAAP measures. The non-GAAP financial measures we present may not be comparable to similarly named measures reported by other companies. Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures for future periods are not provided as we do not currently have sufficient data to accurately estimate the variables and individual adjustments for such reconciliations. Adjusted revenues exclude Net realized gains (losses) except for gains (losses) related to the disposition of real estate investments, income from non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP purposes) and changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes). The following table presents a reconciliation of Total revenues to Adjusted revenues: Three Months Ended March 31, Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2023 2022 2022 2021 2020 Total revenues (a) $ 4,262 $ 7,240 $ 24,697 $ 23,257 $ 15,062 Fortitude Re related items: Net investment income on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (394) (278) (891) (1,775) (1,427) Net realized (gains) losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (20) 123 397 (924) (1,002) Net realized (gains) losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivatives 1,025 (2,837) (6,347) 687 3,978 Subtotal - Fortitude Re related items 611 (2,992) (6,841) (2,012) 1,549 Other non-Fortitude Re reconciling items: Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (13) (14) (56) (60) (56) Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements — (20) (25) — (12) Other (income) - net (10) (12) (51) (37) (53) Net realized (gains) lo