—Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property.” In addition to patents,
we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. For example, significant aspects of our
proprietary technology platform are based on unpatented trade secrets and know-how. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult
to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements and invention assignment
agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and commercial partners. These agreements are designed
to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies
that are developed through a relationship with a third party. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our
data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information
technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may
be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or
be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our contractors use intellectual property owned by others in their
work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. We also plan to seek
trademark protection in the United States and outside of the United States where available and when appropriate. We intend to use
these registered marks in connection with our pharmaceutical research and development as well as our product candidates. 51 Manufacturing and
Supply for Resunab We have developed and
validated a good manufacturing practice, or GMP, process to manufacture Resunab through our contract manufacturer. This contract
manufacturer has already produced multi-Kg scale bulk batches of the active pharmaceutical ingredient under GMP for our Phase II
clinical studies and is capable of producing sufficient active ingredient for all the clinical studies required prior to submitting
an IND to the FDA. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of Resunab. We expect to depend on third-party
suppliers and manufacturing organizations for all of our clinical trial quantities of raw materials and drug substance. Resunab
is a synthetic molecule and there are readily available supplies of all raw materials needed for the manufacture of Resunab. Regulatory Matters Government
Regulation Any product development
activities related to Resunab or products that we may develop or acquire in the future will be subject to extensive regulation
by various government authorities, including the FDA and other federal, state and local statutes and regulations and comparable
regulatory authorities in other countries, which regulate the design, research, clinical and non-clinical development, testing,
manufacturing, storage, distribution, import, export, labeling, advertising and marketing of pharmaceutical products and devices.
Generally, before a new drug can be sold, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized
into a format specific to each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. The data is
often generated in two distinct development states: pre-clinical and clinical. Resunab or other products that we may develop or
acquire in the future must be approved by the FDA through the IND process before they may be legally marketed in the United States.
For new chemical entities, the pre-clinical development stage generally involves synthesizing the active component, developing
the formulation and determining the manufacturing process, as well as carrying out non-human toxicology, pharmacology and drug
metabolism studies which support subsequent clinical testing. The clinical stage
of development can generally be divided into three sequential phases that may overlap, Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical
trials. In Phase I, generally, small numbers of healthy volunteers are initially exposed to single escalating doses and then multiple
escalating doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these studies is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action,
side effect tolerability and safety of the drug. Phase II trials typically involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine
the dose required to produce the desired benefits, while Phase IIb trials are designed to determine efficacy. At the same time,
safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected. In some instances, formal Phase I and Phase II
trials may not be deemed necessary or required by the FDA. Such is often the case when the safety and efficacy of an active ingredient
is considered to be well understood by the FDA. Under established regulatory frameworks, pharmaceutical products with active ingredients
equal or similar to those known by the FDA often enter more streamlined development programs than compounds entirely new to the
agency. Post-approval studies,
sometimes referred to as Phase IV clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. Sometimes, these studies
are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic condition, then often referred
to as Phase IV clinical trials. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase IV studies. In other situations,
post-approval studies aim to gain additional indications for a medication, then often indicated as Phase IIIb studies. Development
of Drugs in the United States In the United States,
the process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign
statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable
United States requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject
an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA’s refusal to approve pending
applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product
seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution,
disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on
us. 52 Prior to the start
of human clinical studies for a new drug in the United States, pre-clinical laboratory and animal tests are often performed under
the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practices regulations. The sponsor must submit the result of the pre-clinical tests, together with
manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol to the
FDA as part of an IND application, which is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug or biological
product to humans. Similar filings are required in other countries. The amount of data that must be supplied in the IND depends
on the phase of the study. Phase I studies typically require less data than larger Phase II and III studies. A clinical plan must
be submitted to the FDA prior to commencement of a clinical trial. If the FDA has concerns about the clinical plan or the safety
of the proposed studies, they may suspend or terminate the study at any time. Studies must be conducted in accordance with good
clinical practice and regulator reporting of study progress and any adverse experiences is required. Studies are also subject to
review by independent institutional review boards responsible for overseeing studies at particular sites and protecting human research
study subjects. An independent institutional review board may also suspend or terminate a study once initiated. Accordingly, we
cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that once begun, issues will
not arise that could cause the trial to be suspended or terminated. Review and
Approval in the United States Following pivotal or
Phase III trial completion, data is analyzed to determine safety and efficacy. Data is then filed with the FDA in a New Drug Application,
or an NDA, along with proposed labeling for the product and information about the manufacturing and testing processes and facilities
that will be used to ensure product quality. In the United States, FDA approval of an NDA must be obtained before marketing a pharmaceutical
product. The NDA must contain proof of safety, purity, potency and efficacy, which entails extensive pre-clinical and clinical
testing. The FDA will likely
re-analyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and us during the review process.
The review and evaluation of applications by the FDA is extensive and time consuming and may take several years to complete. The
FDA may conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply
with current good manufacturing practice requirements and may also audit data from clinical and pre-clinical trials. There is no assurance
that the FDA will act favorably or quickly in making such reviews and significant difficulties or costs may be encountered in our
efforts to obtain FDA approvals. The FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be including in the
product labeling, or may condition the approval of the NDA on other changes to the proposed labeling, development of adequate controls
and specifications, or a commitment to conduct post-marketing testing or clinical trials and