Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk because our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our Class A common stock risky include, among others: • risks regarding our ability to attract and engage with our users, including anticipating their product preferences; • competitive risks in each of our three segments: Connected Machines, Subscriptions and Accessories and Materials; • supply chain, manufacturing, distribution and fulfillment risks, including our being primarily dependent on a single China-based manufacturer and on limited sources of supply for components, accessories and materials; • international risks, including regulation, tariffs that have materially increased our costs and the potential for further trade barriers; • sales and marketing risks, including our dependence on sales to brick-and-mortar and online retail partners and our need to continue to grow online sales; • risks relating to the complexity of our business, which includes connected machines, custom tools, hundreds of materials, design apps, e-commerce software, subscriptions, content, international production, direct sales, and retail distribution, particularly for a company of our relative size; • risks related to product quality, safety and warranty claims and returns; • risks related to protection of our intellectual property, as well as to cybersecurity and potential data breaches; and • risks related to our dependence on our Chief Executive Officer. -17 - Risks Related to Our Industry and Business If we are not able to attract and engage with our users, our business and rate of growth could be adversely affected. Since launching our first connected machine, we have built a loyal and growing community of users that has reached substantial scale. Our business and rate of growth is dependent upon our ability to attract and engage with our users. We cannot ensure that our efforts to attract and engage with users will be successful or that we will be able to maintain sales to our users. There are a number of factors that could impact our number of users and our ability to increase sales to users, including: • a decline in the public’s interest in do-it-yourself, or DIY, crafting activities; • pricing, perceived value and ease of use of our connected machines and accessories and materials as well as our subscriptions; • our ability to satisfy demand for and deliver quality products and value for subscriptions; • sales of competitive products; • our failure to broaden our demographic appeal; • our ability to continue to improve the user experience in each aspect of our business and successfully educate our users about our products; • our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities; • our inability to meet the challenges resulting from fast-paced changes in technology; • the failure of our connected machines to communicate or sync properly with Cricut-authorized design apps, including our Design Space apps, or other third-party applications such as Android, iOS and Windows; • unsatisfactory experiences with our products, including with respect to the use, purchasing or delivery of our products or with Cricut Member Care, including public disclosure of those experiences through social media or other communications from our community; • our failure to increase our international presence, including the failure to translate and localize our digital content and subscriptions, or the failure to further expand internationally; • decreased word-of-mouth referrals from our community or failed marketing efforts; and • deteriorating general economic conditions or changes in consumer spending preferences or buying trends. As a result of these factors, we cannot be sure that we will be successful in attracting and engaging with users, or increasing sales to our users, at levels that will be adequate to maintain or grow our business. Our revenue growth rate and financial performance in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance, and we expect our revenue growth rate to decline compared to prior years . We have experienced rapid revenue growth in recent periods, with revenue of $313 million and $588 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2019 and 2020, respectively. You should not rely on our revenue for any previous quarterly or annual period as any indication of our revenue or revenue growth in future periods. As we grow our business, we expect our revenue growth rates to decline compared to prior years due to a number of reasons, including more challenging comparisons to prior periods as our revenue grows, slowing demand for our products and subscriptions, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market and our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen significant growth in sales online through the online channels of our brick-and-mortar or online retail partners as well as through our website in 2020, but there can be no assurance that online sales will remain at these levels in the future or that we will be able to continue to significantly grow our online channels. -18 - If we are unable to anticipate user preferences and successfully develop and introduce new, innovative and updated products in a timely manner, our business may be adversely affected. Our success in maintaining and increasing our user community depends on our ability to identify trends, as well as to anticipate and react to changing preferences, which cannot be predicted with certainty. If we are unable to introduce new or enhanced products, or additional designs and projects, in a timely manner, if such new offerings are not accepted by our user community or if our competitors introduce similar offerings faster than we do, our business may be adversely affected. We also need to successfully educate our users on new offerings or improvements to current offerings. Moreover, our new offerings may not receive market acceptance if preferences change rapidly to different types of personal DIY offerings or away from these types of offerings altogether. Our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes as well as to improve the user experience in each aspect of our business. For example, some users find our connected machines to be challenging to use or may require user education in order to operate them efficiently or have the best user experience. If we are not able to make our connected machines easier to use or improve user education and experience, it may have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, failure to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing user preferences could lead to, among other things, reduced word-of-mouth referrals, lower sales, lower subscription rates, pricing pressure, lower gross margins, discounting of our existing products and excess inventory levels. Even if we are successful in anticipating user preferences, our ability to adequately react to and address them will partially depend upon our continued ability to develop and introduce innovative, high-quality products. Development and launch of new or enhanced products is time-consuming and requires significant financial investment, which could result in increased costs and a reduction in our profit margins. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, delays in the planned release dates of new products. Delays could result in adverse publicity (if potential new product announcements are leaked and then delayed), loss of sales and delay in market acceptance, any of which could cause us to lose or fail to engage with existing users or impair our ability to attract new users. In addition, the introduction of new products by competitors could adversely affect our ability to compete. Any delay or failure in the introduction of new products could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, we must successfully manage the introduction of new or enhanced products, which could adversely affect the sales of our existing products. For instance, users may choose to forgo purchasing existing connected machines in advance of new product launches, and we may experience higher returns from users of existing products after a new product launch occurs. As we introduce new or enhanced products, we may face additional challenges related to managing a more complex supply chain and manufacturing process, including the time and cost associated with onboarding and overseeing additional suppliers, contract manufacturers and third-party logistics partners. We may also face challenges managing the inventory of new or existing products, which could lead to excess inventory and discounting of such products. In addition, new or enhanced products may have varying selling prices and costs compared to legacy products, which could negatively impact our gross margins and results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from sales of our connected machines, and a decline in sales of our connected machines would adversely affect our future revenue and results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from sales of our connected machines. Any factors adversely affecting sales of our connected machines, including introduction by competitors of comparable machines at lower price points, a maturing product lifecycle, shortages in our supply or inventory of connected machines, a decline in consumer spending or other factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, could result in a decline in sales of our connected machines, which would adversely affect our future revenue and results of operations. Moreover, because we derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of subscriptions and accessories and materials as an extension of the sales and