An investment in our securities is highly speculative and involves substantial risk. Please carefully consider the risks described under the heading “ Risk Factors ” on page 24 and other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider before deciding to invest in the securities offered hereby. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business and operations. Transfer agent and registrar The registrar and transfer agent for our Common Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, located at 18 Lafayette Place Woodmere, New York 11598. Nasdaq symbol and trading Our Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “CRKN.” ____________ (1)      Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this prospectus to the number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding and the number of shares of our Common Stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 7,548,664 shares outstanding as of October 11, 2024, excludes: • 4,245 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options of which 1,770 have vested at a weighted average exercise price of $14,245 per share as of June 30, 2024; • 16,523 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants of which 16,523 are exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of $14.10 per share as of June 30, 2024; • 5,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of Series E preferred stock warrants that are exercisable at a weighted average exercise price of $14 per share as of June 30, 2024; • 231,206 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units of which 137,606 have vested; and 22 • 1,420 shares of Common Stock issuable to settle commitment shares as of June 30, 2024. 23 RISK FACTORS An investment in any securities offered pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this prospectus, including the risk factors and other information contained in any applicable prospectus supplement, and our financial statements and the related notes and the section entitled “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” in in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, all of which are incorporated by reference herein before deciding whether to invest in our securities. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially adversely affected, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline significantly, and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Source and Need for Capital. As we take steps in the commercialization and marketing of our technology or respond to potential opportunities and/or adverse events, our working capital needs may change. We anticipate that if our cash and cash equivalents are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we will require additional funding to sustain our ongoing operations and to continue our research and development activities. We have funded most of our activities through sales of our securities to investors. Our eventual success and generation of positive cash flow will be dependent upon the extent of commercialization of products using our technology. We can give no assurances that we will generate sufficient cash flows in the future (through sales of our Common Stock, exercise of options and warrants, royalty fees, or otherwise) to satisfy our liquidity requirements or sustain future operations, or that additional funding, if required, will be available when needed or, if available, on favorable terms. History of Operating Losses. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was $8.9 million, which primarily consisted of our net loss of $9.6 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of $3.5 million, which primarily consist of stock-based compensation of $2.4 million, depreciation and amortization of $0.4 million, amortization of deferred debt issuance costs of $1.0 million, and amortization of right of use assets of $0.4 million. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was $3.3 million, primarily consisting of an increase of deferred revenue of $1.3 million, prepaid and other assets of $0.1 million and accounts payable of $0.7 million, offset by a decrease of accounts receivable $3.3 million, contract asset of $1.2 million, note receivables of $0.2 million, accrued expenses of $0.5 million and lease liability of $0.4 million. For the six months ended June 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was $8.4 million, which primarily consisted of our net loss of $16.8 million, adjusted for non-cash expenses of $9.5 million, which primarily consisted of a amortization of $5.1 million, loss on extinguishment of debt and warrant liabilities of $2.8 million, other expenses of $1.2 million primarily consisted of expenses incurred in stock issuance commitments, stock-based compensation of $0.3 million, depreciation and amortization of $0.4 million, offset by a 0.7 million gain related to the change in fair value of warrants and debt. The net change in operating assets and liabilities was $1.0 million. We expect to continue to incur losses from operations and negative cash flows, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a Going Concern. We anticipate incurring additional losses until such time, if ever, that we can obtain marketing approval to sell, and then generate significant sales, of our technology that is currently in development. Substantial additional financing will be needed by us to fund our operations and to develop and commercialize our technology. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 24 We will seek to obtain additional capital through the sale of debt or equity financings or other arrangements to fund operations; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity may dilute existing stockholders and newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding shares of Common Stock. Issued debt securities may contain covenants and limit our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders. If we are unable to obtain such additional financing, future operations would need to be scaled back or discontinued. Due to the uncertainty in our ability to raise capital, we believe that there is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern. We may not generate sufficient cash flows to cover our operating expenses. As noted above, we have incurred recurring losses since inception and expect to continue to incur losses as a result of costs and expenses related to our research and continued development of our technology and our corporate general and administrative expenses. Our limited capital resources and operations to date have been substantially funded through sales of our securities. As of June 30, 2024, we had  working capital of approximately $3.4 million, cash of approximately $4.0 million, shareholders’ equity of approximately $8.8 million and an accumulated deficit of approximately $126.6 million. In the event that we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities or raise additional funds, we may be required to delay, reduce or severely curtail our operations or otherwise impede our on-going business efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and long-term prospects. We have never declared a cash dividend and do not intend to declare a cash dividend in the foreseeable future. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our Common Stock. Payment of dividends on our Common Stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and other relevant factors. We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We currently rely upon our vendors to provide elements of the manufacturing tooling. We currently depend upon the activities of our vendors to provide certain tooling elements of our manufacturing process. We do not have full control over their processes which may mean risks in the form of delivery timing and quality of tooling components. Electrokinetic products face intense competition, which could affect our ability to increase our revenues. The market for electrokinetic products is intensely competitive and we expect competition to increase in the future. We compete based on the functionality and the quality of our product. Many of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we have. In addition, many of our competitors have well-established relationships with our current and potential customers and have extensive knowledge of our industry. If our competitors develop new technologies or new products, improve the functionality or quality of their current products, or reduce their prices, and if we are unable to respond to such competitive developments quickly either because our research and development efforts do not keep pace with our competitors or because of our lack of financial resources, we may be unable to compete effectively. Declining production of automobiles and real estate could harm our business. Our commercialization efforts could be negatively impacted if th