You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an
investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face.
Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently consider
immaterial may also impair our business operations. Any of these risks could
have a material and negative effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations. The trading price of our common stock could decline due
to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

                   Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Contaminations in our animal populations can damage our inventory, harm our
reputation for contaminant-free production and result in decreased sales.

     Our research models and fertile chicken eggs must be free of contaminants,
such as viruses and bacteria. Presence of contaminants can distort or
compromise the quality of research results. Contaminations in our isolated
breeding rooms or poultry houses could disrupt our contaminant-free research
model and fertile egg production, harm our reputation for contaminant-free
production and result in decreased sales.

     Contaminations typically require cleaning up the contaminated room or
poultry house. This clean-up results in inventory loss, clean-up and start-up
costs, and reduced sales as a result of lost customer orders and credits for
prior shipments. These contaminations are unanticipated and difficult to
predict. We experienced several material contaminations in our animal
populations in 1996 and a few significant contaminations in 1997 that adversely
impacted our 1996 and 1997 financial results. In response, we made over $6.0
million in capital expenditures designed to strengthen our biosecurity and
significantly changed our operating procedures. We have not experienced any
significant contaminations since 1997.

Many of our customers are pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and we
are subject to risks, uncertainties and trends that affect companies in those
industries.

     Sales of our products and services are highly dependent on research and
development expenditures by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We
are therefore subject to some of the risks, uncertainties and trends that
affect companies in those industries, including government regulation, pricing
pressure, technological change and shifts in the focus and scope of research
and development expenditures. For example, over the past several years, the
pharmaceutical industry has undergone significant mergers and combinations and
many industry experts expect this trend to continue. After recent mergers and
combinations, some customers combined or otherwise reduced their research and
development operations, resulting in fewer animal research activities. We
experienced both temporary disruptions and permanent reductions in sales of our
research models to some of these customers. Future mergers and combinations in
the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries, or other industry-wide trends,
could adversely affect demand for or pricing of our products.

New technologies may be developed, validated and increasingly used in
biomedical research that could reduce demand for some of our products and
services.

     For many years, groups within the scientific and research community have
attempted to develop models, methods and systems that would replace or
supplement the use of living animals as test subjects in biomedical research.
Companies have developed several techniques that have scientific merit,
especially in the area of cosmetics and household product testing, markets in
which we are not active. Only a few companies have validated and successfully
deployed alternative test methods in the discovery and development of effective
and safe treatments for human and animal disease conditions. The principal
validated non-animal test system is the LAL, or endotoxin detection system, a
technology which we acquired and have aggressively marketed as an alternative
to testing in animals. We expect to seek to participate in some fashion with
any non-animal test method as it becomes validated as a research model
alternative or adjunct in our markets. However, these methods may not be
available to us or we may not be successful in commercializing these methods.
Even if we are successful, sales or profits from these methods may not offset
reduced sales or profits from research models.

                                       7 Alternative research methods could decrease the need for research models,
and we may not be able to develop new products effectively or in a timely
manner to replace any lost sales. In addition, one of the anticipated outcomes
of genomics research is to permit the elimination of more compounds prior to
preclinical testing. While this outcome may not occur for several years, if at
all, it may reduce the demand for some of our products and services.

The outsourcing trend in the preclinical and nonclinical stages of drug
discovery and development, meaning contracting out to others functions that
were previously performed internally, may decrease, which could slow our
growth.

     Some areas of our biomedical products and services business have grown
significantly as a result of the increase over the past several years in
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies outsourcing their preclinical and
nonclinical research support activities. While industry analysts expect the
outsourcing trend to continue for the next several years, a substantial
decrease in preclinical and nonclinical outsourcing activity could result in a
diminished growth rate in the sales of one or more of our expected higher
growth areas.

We must comply with FDA regulation of our endotoxin detection systems
operations.

     The United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, regulates our
endotoxin detection systems operations as a medical device manufacturer. Last
year, the FDA issued a "warning letter" to us and other LAL manufacturers,
citing quality control and other problems in the manufacturing facilities. The
FDA has allowed our facility, located in Charleston, South Carolina, to
continue to manufacture and sell the LAL product line, subject to our agreement
to make prescribed changes to our production and quality control systems. We
believe that we have taken all steps necessary to meet the FDA's requirements,
but if the FDA disagrees, it could take further enforcement action, including
potentially requiring us to recall our products or temporarily revoking our
manufacturing license. Any further enforcement action could impose additional
costs and affect our ability to provide our endotoxin detection systems.

Our business may be affected by changes in the Animal Welfare Act and related
regulations which may require us to alter our operations.

     The United States Department of Agriculture, or USDA, is presently
considering changing the regulations issued under the Animal Welfare Act to
include rats, mice and birds, including chickens. The Animal Welfare Act
imposes a wide variety of specific regulations on producers and users of
regulated species including cage size, shipping conditions and environmental
enrichment methods. If the USDA decides to include rats, mice and birds,
including chickens, in its regulations, we could be required to alter our
production operations. This may include adding production capacity, new
equipment and additional employees. We believe that application of the Animal
Welfare Act to rats, mice and chickens used in our research model and vaccine
support products operations in the United States will not result in loss of net
sales, margin or market share, since all U.S. producers and users will be
subject to the same regulations. While we do not anticipate the addition of
rats, mice and chickens to the Animal Welfare Act to require significant
expenditures, changes to the regulations may be more stringent than we expect
and require more significant expenditures. Additionally, if we fail to comply
with state regulations, including general anti-cruelty legislation, foreign
laws and other anti-cruelty laws, we could face significant civil and criminal
penalties.

If we are not successful in selecting and integrating the businesses and
technologies we acquire, our business may suffer.

     We plan to continue to grow our business through acquisitions of
businesses and technologies and related alliances. However, businesses and
technologies may not be available on terms and conditions we find acceptable.
Even if completed, acquisitions and alliances involve numerous risks which may
include:

o    difficulties and expenses incurred in assimilating operations, services,
     products or technologies;

o    difficulties in developing and operating new businesses including
     diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;

                                       8 o    the potential loss of key employees of an acquired business and
     difficulties in attracting new employees to grow businesses;

o    difficulties in assimilating differences in foreign business practices and
     overcoming language barriers;

o    difficulties in obtaining intellectual property protections and skills
     that we and our employees currently do not have; and

o    difficulties in achieving business and financial success.

     In the event that the success of an acquired business or technology or an
alliance does not meet expectations, we may be required to restructure. We may
not be able to successfully integrate acquisitions into our existing business
or successfully exploit new business or technologies.

Factors such as exchange rate fluctuations and increased international and
U.S. regulatory requirements may increase our costs of doing business in
foreign countries.

     A significant part of our net sales is derived from operations outside the
United States. Our operations a