Investing in our
common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. If any of the following
risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations would suffer. In this case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline and you might lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The
risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We are an early-stage company in an emerging market with an unproven
business model, a new and unproven enterprise technology model and a short operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and may increase the risk of your investment. We have only a limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation of
our current business and future prospects. We were founded in February 1999 and began offering our on-demand CRM application service in February 2000. Our limited operating history makes an evaluation of our business and prospects very difficult.
You must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we encounter as an early-stage company in the new and rapidly evolving market of on-demand CRM application services. These risks and difficulties include, but are
not limited to, the following: · our new and unproven business and technology models; · a limited number of service offerings and risks associated with developing new service offerings; · the difficulties we face in managing rapid growth in personnel and operations; · the limited acceptance by enterprises of on-demand application services; · a failure of our physical infrastructure or internal systems caused by a denial of service, third-party attack, employee error or malfeasance, or other causes; · a general failure of the Internet that impairs our ability to deliver our service; · a loss or breach of confidentiality of customer data; · the negative impact on our brand, reputation or trustworthiness caused by any significant unavailability of our service; · the systematic failure of a core component of our service from which it would be difficult for us to recover; · the timing and success of new service introductions and new technologies by our competitors; and · our ability to build brand awareness in a highly competitive market. We may not be able to successfully address any of these risks or others. Failure to adequately do so could seriously harm our business and cause our
operating results to suffer. We have incurred
significant operating losses in the past and may incur significant operating losses in the future. We incurred significant losses in each fiscal quarter from our inception in February 1999 through fiscal 2003. Although we have recently been slightly
profitable, our business does not have an established record of 5 Table of Contents profitability and we may not continue to be profitable. In addition, we expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we, among other things: · hire additional personnel, including sales and marketing personnel, engineers and other technical staff; · hire senior executives and members of our senior management team; · expand our domestic and international selling and marketing activities; · expand our service offerings; · expand the number of locations around the world where we conduct business; · increase our research and development efforts to upgrade our existing service and develop new services and technologies; and · upgrade our operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. If our revenue does not grow to offset these expected increased expenses, we will not continue to be profitable. You should not consider recent quarterly
revenue growth as indicative of our future performance. In fact, in future quarters we may not have any revenue growth, and our revenue could decline. Furthermore, if our operating expenses exceed our expectations, our financial performance will be
adversely affected. If we experience significant
fluctuations in our operating results and rate of growth and fail to meet revenue and earnings expectations, our stock price may fall rapidly and without advance notice. Due to our limited operating history, our evolving business model and the unpredictability of our emerging industry, we may
not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We base our current and future expense levels and our investment plans on estimates of future revenue and future rate of growth. Our expenses and investments are, to a large extent, fixed and we
expect that these expenses will increase in the future. We may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if our revenue falls short of our expectations. Our results of operations depend on both the continued growth of demand for the services we offer and the general economic and business conditions
throughout the world. A softening of demand for our on-demand application service for any reason will harm our operating results. Terrorist attacks, armed hostilities and war have in the past created, and may in the future create, economic and
business uncertainty that may also adversely affect our results of operations. Our revenue and operating results may also fluctuate due to other factors, including: · our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers’ requirements; · the renewal rates for our service; · changes in our pricing policies; · the introduction of new features to our service; · the rate of expansion and effectiveness of our sales force; · the length of the sales cycle for our service; · new product and service introductions by our competitors; · seasonality in our markets; · our success in selling our service to large enterprises; · variations in the mix of editions of our service; · technical difficulties or interruptions in our service; 6 Table of Contents · general economic conditions in our geographic markets; · additional investment in our service or operations; and · regulatory compliance costs. As a result of these and other factors, we expect that our operating results may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis. Revenue growth may not be
sustainable and may decrease in the future. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party co-location
facility could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. We provide our service through computer hardware that is currently located in a third-party co-location facility in Sunnyvale, California. We do not control the operation of this facility, and it is subject to damage
or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. It is also subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. Despite precautions taken at the facility,
the occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close the facility without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at the facility could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, the failure by our co-location facility
to provide our required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. Our back-up computer hardware and systems located in our San Francisco headquarters have not been tested under actual disaster conditions. In
addition, this facility may not be geographically remote enough to avoid risks similar to those faced by the facility in Sunnyvale, and we believe there could be a delay in bringing our service back online in the event of an outage at the
co-location facility. We have begun the process of securing another co-location facility; however, we do not believe we will have a fully-redundant, geographically-remote facility in operation before June 2004 at the earliest. Any damage to, or
failure of, our systems could result in interruptions in our service. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal
rates. Our business will be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer’s data, our service may be perceived as not being
secure and customers may curtail or stop using our service. Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers’ proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. If our security measures are
breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to one of our customers’ data, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could
incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to
implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose sales and customers. If our on-demand application service is not widely accepted, our
operating results will be harmed. Historically, we
have derived substantially all of our revenue fr