An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the
other information included in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could
suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Crocs, Inc. We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. We commenced sales of our crocs footwear, which currently constitute a substantial majority of our sales, in 2002. As an early stage company with a limited operating history, our
business is subject to all of the risks inherent in a new business enterprise, including: • products
without a significant history in the market; • reliance
on a small number of products; • limited
manufacturing experience; • lack
of established distribution channels; • a
small and relatively new management team and an evolving organizational infrastructure; and • weaknesses
in newly implemented or limited management information systems and weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting. Furthermore,
we have recently experienced rapid growth, which has made our current operations and our expected future operations substantially different from our past operating history. For example,
to support our growth we have added additional manufacturing capacity and have expanded our distribution and fulfillment capabilities. New manufacturing capacity that we have recently added may not
meet our projections or may suffer from operating difficulties. Similarly, our new outsourced distribution and fulfillment provider may not perform as we expect, and our expanded in-house
fulfillment capabilities may prove difficult to manage. Our limited operating history will make it difficult for you to evaluate this growth in our business and our prospects for the future. We have significantly expanded the nature and scope of our operations over the past two years, and if we fail to manage any future growth effectively we
may experience greater difficulty in filling customer orders, declines in product quality, increases in costs or other operating difficulties. We have significantly expanded the nature and scope of our operations over the past two years, and we anticipate that substantial further expansion will be required to address
potential growth in our customer base and new market opportunities. Prior to June 2004, we distributed in the U.S. under our crocs brand a limited range of footwear products manufactured and sold
to us by Foam Creations. In June 2004, we acquired Foam Creations. Since
that acquisition, we have expanded our product line to include 15 footwear models, and in addition, over the last two years, we expanded from: • 51
employees at March 31, 2004, to 1,345 employees at March 31, 2006; and 8 • 47,000
pairs of shoes manufactured for us by our third party manufacturer in the three months ended March 31, 2004, to approximately 4.8 million pairs of shoes
manufactured by us and our third party manufacturers in the three months ended March 31, 2006. The
expansion of the scope and nature of our business and the growth in the number of employees, customers and other third parties with whom we have relationships and in the number of facilities we
use for manufacturing, distribution, and corporate operations, have placed and will continue to place a significant strain on our management and our information systems and resources. To manage growth
in our operations, we will need to increase the number of people we employ, upgrade our existing financial and reporting systems as well as improve our business processes and controls. Failure to
effectively manage growth could result in greater difficulty in completely filling customer orders, declines in product quality or increases in costs or other production and distribution difficulties,
any of which could adversely impact our business performance and operating results. The popularity of our crocs footwear may not continue to grow as rapidly as it has in the recent past or may decline, which would have a negative impact on our sales
and
results of operations. Our recent growth is substantially attributable to sales of crocs footwear, which represented approximately 94.0% of our revenues in the three months ended March 31, 2006. We expect
that footwear will
constitute our principal product line for the foreseeable future. The footwear industry is subject to rapidly changing consumer demands and preferences and fashion trends, and our crocs footwear may not
remain popular or we may fail to develop additional models that appeal to consumers. If the popularity of our crocs footwear declines or does not expand in the future, we may experience, among other
things: • lower
sales; • loss
of retail customers; • excess
inventories; • inventory
markdowns and discounts provided to retailers; • deterioration
of our brand image; and • lower
gross and operating margins, including as a result of price reductions. Given
the limited history of our crocs brand, it is especially difficult to evaluate whether our products will hold long-term consumer appeal. We are dependent on sales of a small number of products and the absence of continued market demand for these products would have a significant adverse
effect on our operating results. We generated approximately 94.0% of our revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2006 from sales of our crocs footwear, which currently consists of 15 models. Sales of our
Beach model accounted for approximately 50.9% of our footwear revenues in the three
months ended March 31, 2006. Most of our crocs footwear models are developed from the same base design as our Beach model, and we expect to continue to derive a substantial portion of our
revenues from these models or related products in the foreseeable future. Because we are dependent on a line of footwear models that have substantial similarities, factors such as changes in consumer
preferences and general market conditions in the footwear industry may have a disproportionately greater impact on us than on our competitors. In addition, other footwear companies have introduced
products that are substantially similar to our footwear models, which may reduce sales of our footwear products. In the event that 9 consumer
preferences evolve away from our footwear models or from casual lifestyle footwear in general, or our retail customers purchase similar products sold by our competitors, the resulting loss of
sales, increase in inventories and discounting of our products are likely to be significant, and this could have a material and adverse impact on our business and operations. Expanding our crocs footwear product line may be difficult and expensive, and if we are unable to successfully continue such expansion, our brand may be adversely
affected, and we may not achieve our planned sales growth. Our growth strategy is founded primarily on the continued growth in sales of crocs footwear, and we intend to continue to expand the number of models offered in our crocs footwear product line to broaden the appeal of our products to consumers. To successfully expand our footwear product line, we must anticipate,
understand and react to the rapidly changing tastes of consumers and provide appealing merchandise in a timely manner. New footwear models that we introduce may not be successful with consumers or our
brand may fall out of favor with consumers. If we are unable to anticipate, identify or react appropriately to changes in consumer preferences, we may not grow as fast as we plan or our sales may
decline, and our brand image and operating performance may suffer. Furthermore,
achieving market acceptance for new products will likely require us to exert substantial product development and marketing efforts, which could result in a material increase in our
selling, general and administrative expense, and there can be no assurance that we will have the resources necessary to undertake such efforts. Material increases in our selling, general and
administrative expense could adversely impact our results of operations. We
may also encounter difficulties in producing new crocs footwear models that we did not anticipate during the development stage. Our development schedules for new products are difficult to predict and
are subject to change as a result of shifting priorities in response to consumer preferences and competing products. For example, once we have begun to design a new footwear model, it can take six to
nine months to progress to full production because of the need to fabricate new molds and to implement modified production tooling and revised manufacturing techniques. If we are not able to
efficiently manufacture newly-developed products in quantities sufficient to support retail distribution, we may not be able to recoup our investment in the development of new models and product
lines, and we would continue to be subject to the risks inherent in having a limited product line. Even if we develop and manufacture new footwear products that consumers find appealing, the ultimate
success of a new model may depend on our pricing. We have a limited history of introducing new products, and we may set the prices of new models too high for the market to bear. Failure to gain market
acceptance for new products that we introduce could impede our growth, reduce our profits, adversely affect the image of our brands, erode our competitive position and result in long term harm to our
business. Our current management information systems may not be sufficient for the growth of our business, and planned system improvements may not be successfully
implemented on a timely basis or be sufficient for our growing business. We used approximately $3.5 m