”
section and this prospectus and the following: • variations in our operating performance and the performance of our competitors; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 49 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or our competitors; • publication of research reports by securities analysts about us or our competitors or our industry; • our failure or the failure of our competitors to meet analysts’ estimates or guidance that we or our competitors may
give to the market; • additions and departures of key personnel; • strategic decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, joint ventures, strategic
investments or changes in business strategy; • developments of new technologies or other innovations; • the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry; • speculation in the press or investment community; • changes in accounting principles; • the outbreak of epidemics or pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic; • natural disasters, terrorist acts, acts of war or periods of widespread civil unrest; and • changes in general market and economic conditions. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been initiated against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. This
type of litigation could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources and could also require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments or to settle litigation. An active market for our common stock may not be maintained. Prior to our initial public offering, there had been no public market for shares of our common stock. Our stock only recently began trading on Nasdaq,
but we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain an active trading market on Nasdaq or any other exchange in the future. If an active market for our common stock does not develop or is not maintained, it may be difficult for our
stockholders to sell shares without depressing the market price for the shares or at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire other businesses, applications, or
technologies using our shares as consideration. Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause our stock price to fall. If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after the lock-up and other legal restrictions on resale discussed in this prospectus lapse, the trading price of our common stock could decline. As of September 30, 2020, we had outstanding a total of
91,914,189 shares of common stock. Of these shares, all of the shares of our common stock sold in this offering, plus any shares sold upon exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares, will be freely tradable, without
restriction, in the public market immediately following this offering. 50 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The lock-up agreements pertaining to our initial public
offering will expire March 21, 2021. Subject to certain exceptions described in the section titled “Underwriting,” we, our directors and executive officers and EagleTree have entered into or will enter into lock-up agreements with the
underwriters of this offering pursuant to which we and they have agreed, or will agree, that, subject to certain exceptions, we will not issue, and they will not directly or indirectly sell or dispose of any shares of common stock or any securities
convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of common stock for a period of 90 days after the date of this prospectus. See “Underwriting” and “Shares Eligible for Future Sale” for more information. After those lock-up agreements expire and after giving effect to the sale of shares in this offering by the selling stockholders, as of September 30, 2020 and after giving effect to the purchase of 1.1 million shares
in October 2020 by the underwriters in our initial public offering pursuant to the exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, up to approximately 69.3 million additional shares of common stock will be eligible for sale in the
public market, approximately 66.5 million of which shares are held by directors, executive officers and other affiliates and will be subject to Rule 144 under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC may, however, in its sole discretion, permit our officers, directors, the selling stockholders and the other stockholders who are subject to these lock-up agreements to sell shares
prior to the expiration of the lock-up agreements. In addition, as of September 30, 2020,
approximately 4.9 million shares of common stock that are either subject to outstanding options or reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans became eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the provisions
of various vesting schedules, the lock-up agreements and Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act. If these additional shares of common stock are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be
sold, in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. After this offering, assuming the selling stockholders sell
7.5 million shares and there is no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares, the holders of approximately 63.0 million shares of our common stock, or approximately 68.6% of our total outstanding common stock
based upon the number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2020 and after giving effect to the purchase of 1.1 million shares in October 2020 by the underwriters in our initial public offering pursuant to the exercise of their option
to purchase additional shares, will be entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act, subject to vesting schedules and to the lock-up agreements described above.
Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act, except for shares purchased by affiliates. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could
have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. If we sell shares of our common stock in future financings,
stockholders may experience immediate