" and in other parts of this
prospectus. Overview We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel immuno-oncology therapies
that are designed to harness the immune system to attack cancer cells. Since we began operations in November 2014, we have built a pipeline of four immuno-oncology programs, three of which focus on
the adenosine-cancer axis to modulate an immune response. Our lead product candidate, CPI-444, is an oral, small molecule antagonist of the A2A receptor for adenosine, an immune checkpoint. We plan to
begin a large expansion cohort trial for CPI-444 in the first quarter of 2016. This Phase 1/1b clinical trial is designed to examine safety, tolerability, biomarkers and preliminary efficacy of
CPI-444 in several solid tumor types, both as a single agent and in combination with Genentech, Inc.'s investigational cancer immunotherapy, atezolizumab, a fully humanized monoclonal antibody
targeting PDL-1. We have also chosen a lead development candidate for our second program, an anti-CD73 monoclonal antibody that inhibits the production of adenosine, and plan to select development
candidates for our other two programs in 2016. We believe the breadth and status of our pipeline demonstrates our management team's expertise in understanding and developing immuno-oncology assets as
well as in identifying product candidates that can be in-licensed and further developed internally to treat many types of cancer. We hold worldwide rights to all of our product candidates. To
date, substantially all of our efforts have been focused on the research, development and advancement of CPI-444, and we have not generated any revenue from product sales and, as a
result, we have incurred significant losses. We expect to continue to incur significant research and development and general and administrative expenses related to our operations. Our net loss for the
year ended December 31, 2014 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $0.2 million and
$25.3 million, respectively. Net loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes a $17.6 million non-cash charge associated with the change in fair value of a
convertible preferred stock liability. In June 2015, the convertible preferred stock liability terminated and the balance of $20.2 million was reclassified to convertible preferred stock. As of
September 30, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of $25.5 million. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we anticipate these losses will increase as we
continue our development of, seek regulatory approval for and begin to commercialize CPI-444, and as we develop other product candidates. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be
able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Since
our inception and through September 30, 2015, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale and issuance of convertible preferred stock. In November 2014, January
2015 and June 2015, we received aggregate net proceeds of $33.3 million from the sale of our Series A convertible preferred stock. In September 2015, we received net proceeds of
$74.8 million from the sale of our Series B convertible preferred stock. As of September 30, 2015, we had capital resources consisting of cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities of $99.9 million. We do not expect our existing capital resources, together with the net proceeds from this offering, to be sufficient to enable us to fund the completion of our
clinical trials and remaining development program of CPI-444 through commercialization. In addition, our operating plan may change as a result of many factors, including those described elsewhere in
this prospectus and others currently unknown to us, and we may need to 63 Table of Contents seek
additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity, debt financings or other sources, such as strategic collaborations. Such financing would result in dilution to
stockholders, imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations or other restrictions that may affect our business. If we raise additional capital through strategic collaboration agreements, we
may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, including possible future revenue streams. In addition, additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all
and any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from its day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates.
Furthermore, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations. Financial Overview Revenue To date, we have not generated any revenues. We do not expect to receive any revenues from any product candidates that we develop
unless and until we obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our products or enter into revenue-generating collaboration agreements with third parties. Research and Development Expenses Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred to conduct research, such as the discovery and development of
our product candidates, as well as the in-licensing of CPI-444. We record research and development expenses as incurred. Research and development expenses consist of costs incurred for the discovery
and development of our product candidates and include: • employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and non-cash stock-based compensation expense; • external research and development expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research organizations,
preclinical testing organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, academic and non-profit institutions and consultants; • costs to acquire technologies to be used in research and development that have not reached technological feasibility and have no
alternative future use; • license fees; and • other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for laboratory, facilities and other costs. We
plan to increase our research and development expenses substantially as we continue the development of our product candidates. Our current planned research and development activities
include the following: • commencement, enrollment and completion of our Phase 1/1b clinical trial of CPI-444; • process development and manufacturing of drug supply for CPI-444; • process development and manufacturing of drug supply for our anti-CD73 antibody to support IND-enabling studies; and • preclinical studies under our other programs in order to select development product candidates in 2016. 64 Table of Contents In
addition to our product candidates that are in clinical development, we believe it is important to continue substantial investment in potential new product candidates to build the
value of our product candidate pipeline and our business. Our
expenditures on current and future preclinical and clinical development programs are subject to numerous uncertainties related to timing and cost to completion. The duration, costs
and timing of clinical trials and development of product candidates will depend on a variety of factors, including many of which are beyond our control. The process of conducting the necessary
clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time consuming, and the successful development of our product candidates is uncertain. The risks and uncertainties associated with our
research and development projects are discussed more fully in the section of this prospectus titled "Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Discovery and Development of Our Product Candidates."
As a result of these risks and uncertainties, we are unable to determine with any degree of certainty the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or if, when or to what
extent we will generate revenues from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of
our product candidates. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses include personnel costs, expenses for outside professional services and allocated expenses.
Personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. Outside professional services consist of legal, accounting and audit services and other consulting fees. Allocated expenses
consist of rent expense related to our office and research and development facility. We
expect to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission and those of any national securities exchange on which our securities are traded, additional insurance expenses, investor relations activities and other administrative and
professional services. We also expect to increase our administrative headcount significantly to operate as a public company and as we advance our product candidates through clinical development, which
will also increase our general and administrative expenses. Change in Fair Value of Convertible Preferred Stock Liability Our Series A convertible preferred stock financing included two tranches of investment. The first tranche included two separate
closings in November 2014 and January 2015, and the second tranche occurred in June 2015 following the occurrence of a defined triggering event under the financing transaction documents. The
change in the fair value of the convertible preferred stock liability is associated with the investors' right to purchase the second tranche of Series A convertible preferred
stock at the same price per share as the first tranche. Changes in the fair value were recorded each period