” and in other parts of this prospectus. Overview We are an oncology-focused biopharmaceutical company pioneering a novel class of antibody therapeutics based on our Probody technology
platform. We are using our platform to create proprietary cancer immunotherapies against clinically-validated targets as well as to develop first-in-class cancer therapeutics against novel targets. We believe that our Probody platform will allow us
to improve the combined efficacy and safety profile, or therapeutic window, of monoclonal antibody modalities including cancer immunotherapies, antibody drug conjugates (“ADCs”) and T-cell-recruiting bispecific antibodies. Our Probody
therapeutics are designed to take advantage of unique conditions in the tumor microenvironment to enhance the tumor-targeting features of an antibody and reduce drug activity in healthy tissues. We are currently developing Probody therapeutics that
address clinically-validated cancer targets in immuno-oncology, such as PD-L1, as well as novel targets, such as CD-166, that are difficult to drug and lead to concerns about damage to healthy tissues, or toxicities. In addition to our proprietary
programs, we are collaborating with strategic partners including Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (“BMS”), Pfizer Inc. (“Pfizer”) and ImmunoGen, Inc. (“ImmunoGen”) to develop selected Probody therapeutics. Our broad
technology platform and lead product candidates are supported by a decade of thorough scientific research and strong intellectual property, and we are advancing these candidates toward clinical trials. Our vision is to transform lives with safer,
more effective therapies. To realize this vision we are executing on our mission of changing the treatment of cancer by urgently advancing our Probody pipeline. We do not currently have any product candidates in clinical trials or approved for sale, and we continue to incur significant research and
development and general administrative expenses related to our operations. We are not profitable and have incurred losses in each year since our founding in 2008. Our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014 was
$15.1 million and $30.3 million, respectively. Our net loss for the six months ended June 30, 2015 was $12.0 million. As of June 30, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of $92.6 million. We expect to continue to incur
significant losses for the foreseeable future. We have three pipeline strategies that we are pursuing with our Probody platform:
(i) developing a novel class of immuno-oncology therapies directed against clinically-validated targets, (ii) developing first-in-class therapeutics directed against difficult-to-drug targets and (iii) collaborating with leading
pharmaceutical companies to discover and develop Probody therapeutics against selected targets. Regulatory agencies, including the FDA,
regulate many aspects of a product candidate’s life cycle, including research and development and preclinical and clinical testing. We have product candidates that are still in research and preclinical development, which means that they have
not yet been tested on humans. We will need to commit significant time and resources to develop these and additional product candidates. Many product candidates in human clinical trials fail to demonstrate the desired safety and efficacy
characteristics. We are unable to provide the nature, timing, and estimated costs of the efforts necessary to complete the development of our product candidates because, among other reasons, we cannot predict with any certainty the pace of
enrollment of our clinical trials, which is a function of many factors, including the availability and proximity of patients with the relevant condition. 61 Table of Contents We currently have no manufacturing capabilities and do not intend to establish any such
capabilities. We have no commercial manufacturing facility for our product candidates. As such, we are dependent on third parties to supply our product candidates according to our specifications, in sufficient quantities, on time, in compliance with
appropriate regulatory standards and at competitive prices. Components of Results of Operations Revenue Our revenue to date has
been primarily derived from non-refundable license payments and reimbursements for research and development expenses under our research, collaboration, and license agreements. We recognize revenue from upfront payments ratably over the term of our
estimated period of performance under the agreement. In addition to receiving upfront payments, we may also be entitled to milestone and other contingent payments upon achieving predefined objectives. Revenue from milestones, if they are
nonrefundable and deemed substantive, is recognized upon successful accomplishment of the milestones. To the extent that non-substantive milestones are achieved and we have remaining performance obligations, milestones are deferred and recognized as
revenue over the estimated remaining period of performance. Reimbursements from Pfizer and BMS for research and development costs incurred under our research, collaboration and license agreements with them are classified as revenue. For the foreseeable future, we do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products unless and until such time as our product
candidates have advanced through clinical development and regulatory approval. We expect that any revenue we do generate in the foreseeable future will fluctuate from year to year as a result of the timing and amount of milestones and other payments
from our collaborations with BMS, Pfizer and ImmunoGen, and any future collaboration partners, and as a result of the fluctuations in the research and development expenses we incur in the performance of assigned activities under these agreements. Research and Development Expenses Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred to conduct research, such as the discovery and development of our
product candidates as well as the development of product candidates pursuant to our research, collaboration and license agreements. Research and development expenses include personnel costs, including stock-based compensation expense, contractor
services, laboratory materials and supplies, depreciation and maintenance of research equipment, and an allocation of related facilities costs. We expense research and development costs as they are incurred. We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially in absolute dollars in the future as we advance our product
candidates into and through clinical trials and pursue regulatory approval of our product candidates. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming. The actual probability of
success for our product candidates may be affected by a variety of factors including: the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, early clinical data, investment in our clinical program, the ability of collaborators to successfully develop
our licensed product candidates, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, we are unable
to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue from the commercialization and sale of our product candidates. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses include personnel costs, expenses for outside professional services and other allocated expenses.
Personnel costs consist of salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation. Outside professional services consist of legal, accounting and audit services and other consulting 62 Table of Contents fees. Allocated expenses consist of rent expense related to our office and research and development facility. We expect to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company,
including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and those of any national securities exchange on which our securities are traded, additional insurance expenses, investor relations
activities and other administrative and professional services. We also expect to increase our administrative headcount significantly to operate as public company and as we advance our product candidates through clinical development, which will also
increase our general and administrative expenses. Interest Income Interest income primarily consists of interest income from our cash equivalents and short-term investments. Interest Expense Interest
expense primarily consists of interest costs related to our outstanding borrowings under our loan agreements and amortization of premiums on our short-term investments. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net consists primarily of changes to the estimated fair value of the convertible preferred stock warrant liability and
the convertible preferred stock liability. We will continue to record adjustments to the estimated fair value of the convertible preferred stock warrants until such time as these instruments are exercised, expire or convert into warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock. We will continue to record adjustments to the estimated fair value of the convertible preferred stock liability until the option to purchase the shares is exercised or expires. Results of Operations Comparison of the Six
Months Ended June 30, 2014 and 2015 Six Months Ended June 30, $ Change % Change 2014 2015 (In thousands) Revenue $ 1,301 $ 3,785 $ 2,484 191 Operating expenses: Research and development 20,047 9,697 (10,350 ) (52 ) General and administrative 2,896 4,498 1,602 55 Total operating expenses 22,943 14,195 (8,748 ) (38 ) Loss from operations (21,642 ) (10,410 ) 1