The Class A common
    stock offered hereby involve a high degree of risk. You should read “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 10 for a discussion
    of factors to consider before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock . 9 RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should consider carefully the risks described below, together
with all of the other information set forth in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes. If any
of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow could be materially and adversely
affected, which could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your
investment. The risks described below and discussed in other parts of this prospectus are not the only ones that we face. Additional
risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. You should only consider investing
in our securities if you can bear the risk of loss of your entire investment. Economic, Political, and Market
Risks Our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be materially adversely affected if luxury car manufacturers decrease prices for vehicles sold in China’s market. We purchase automobiles from the U.S. market and
resell them to our customers, including both U.S. and PRC parallel-import vehicle dealers. Our success depends, in large part, on a high
demand for luxury automobiles from end consumers in the PRC, who prefer parallel-import vehicles when they are cheaper than automobiles
of the same brand and model purchased from local distributors authorized by the luxury car manufacturers. Since the second half of 2023, the market for
new luxury vehicles in the PRC has been negatively impacted by weak economic conditions and a shift in consumer demand towards EVs, mainly
those produced by PRC manufacturers. Luxury import brand manufacturers have responded to these threats by discounting the sale price of
their vehicles, which has resulted in a general inability to generate a profit from the sale of parallel-import vehicles. If the discounting
trend continues, our financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects may be adversely affected. Availability and
demand for our products and services may be adversely impacted by economic conditions and other factors. Prior to the expansion
of our services to the transportation of other goods between the U.S. and the PRC, we derived almost all of our revenue through the sale
of parallel-import vehicles. In particular, we purchase automobiles from the U.S. market via a large team of professional purchasing agents,
and resell them to our customers, including both U.S. and PRC parallel-import vehicle dealers. The parallel-import vehicle dealership
industry is influenced by general economic conditions, the level of personal discretionary spending, interest rates, exchange rates, fuel
prices, supply conditions, and consumer transportation preferences. Uncertainty in the economy can negatively impact consumer spending.
Global trade challenges that originated from the COVID-19 pandemic may re-emerge and may have long-lasting adverse impacts on us and our
industry. For example, pandemic-related issues may exacerbate port congestion and cause intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays. Increased
demand for personal electronics has created a shortfall of semiconductor chips, which in turn, has also adversely impacted the production
of new vehicles, parts, and other supplies, reducing vehicle inventories in the U.S. market and increasing new vehicle prices as a result.
In addition, local economic, competitive, and other conditions in the PRC affect the performance of Chinese parallel-import vehicle dears,
who are our customers. Our operations are heavily influenced by the general economic conditions and consumer spending habits in the PRC
market into which our vehicles are ultimately exported. See “—Changes in consumer demand in the PRC market towards fuel-efficient
vehicles and EVs, or a general declining purchasing power of PRC consumers, could adversely affect our vehicle sales volumes and our results
of operations.” We are in the relatively competitive parallel-import
vehicle dealership industry, and we may not be able to compete successfully against existing or new competitors, which could reduce our
market share and adversely affect our competitive position and financial performance. The parallel-import vehicle dealership industry
in the U.S. is relatively competitive and rapidly evolving, with many new companies joining the competition in recent years. We compete
directly with other companies that sell parallel-import vehicles to the PRC, although most of our competitors are small family businesses
that obtain U.S. cars through their family members or friends in the U.S. Competition can be increasingly intense and is expected to increase
significantly in the future. The increased competition may lead to price reductions for vehicle sales, which may result in reduced margins
and a loss of market share for us. We compete with other competitors on the following bases: ● brand recognition; ● quality of services; ● effectiveness of sales and marketing efforts; ● pricing and discount policies; and ● hiring and retention of talented staff. 10 Our competitors may operate with different business
models, have different cost structures, and may ultimately prove to be more successful or more adaptable to new regulatory, technological,
and other developments. They may in the future achieve greater market acceptance and recognition and gain a greater market share. It is
also possible that potential competitors may emerge and acquire a significant market share. If existing or potential competitors develop
or offer services that provide significant performance, price, creative optimization, or other advantages over those offered by us, our
business, results of operations, and financial condition would be negatively affected. Our existing and potential competitors may enjoy
competitive advantages over us, such as longer operating history, greater brand recognition, larger client base, and better value-added
services such as providing financial services for customers’ vehicle purchases. We may lose clients if we fail to compete successfully,
which could adversely affect our financial performance and business prospects. We cannot guarantee that our strategies will remain competitive
or successful in the future. Increasing competition may result in pricing pressure and loss of our market share, either of which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in consumer
demand in the PRC market towards fuel-efficient vehicles and EVs, or a general declining purchasing power of PRC consumers, is adversely
affecting our vehicle sales volumes and our results of operations. We primarily generate revenue from the sale
of luxury vehicles to both U.S. and PRC parallel-import vehicle dealers, who in turn resell those vehicles to end consumers in the
PRC. As such, our sales are highly dependent on Chinese consumers’ demand. Volatile fuel prices have affected and may continue
to affect the Chinese consumers’ preferences in connection with the sales of our vehicles. With rising fuel prices and change
in economic conditions, consumers are less likely to purchase large, expensive vehicles, such as sport utility vehicles or luxury
automobiles, and more likely to purchase smaller, less expensive, and more fuel-efficient vehicles. Lower fuel prices, on the other
hand, could have the opposite effect. As of December 31, 2023, all seven models in our inventory were in the luxury automobile
brand segment, such as Mercedes GLS450, Land Rover Range Rover, Toyota Sequoia, Ram 1500 TRX, and Lexus LX600. See “Item 1.
Business” in the 2023 Annual Report. As such, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations if fuel prices rise sharply. Fuel prices, improvements in electric vehicles, and more electric vehicle options have all
contributed to increased consumer demand for fuel-efficient and EVs. As the demand for EVs rises, we may need to adapt by selling
more fuel-efficient cars or EVs. In the event that we are unable to meet the consumer demand, our vehicle sales volumes and
operating results may be adversely affected. Additionally, as we currently focus on luxury vehicle brands, our operations depend
largely on the purchasing power of PRC consumers. The adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the implementation of restrictive
governmental measures intended to control the spread of the virus (such as lockdowns, closures, quarantines, and travel bans),
imposed significant challenges on China’s economy, which caused, and may continue to cause, a declining purchasing power of
PRC consumers. In the event that the purchasing power of the PRC consumers continues to decline, and if we are unable to find
substitute demand for our vehicles, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Beginning
in the second half of 2023, the market for new luxury vehicles in the PRC has been negatively impacted by weak economic conditions and
a shift in consumer demand towards EVs, mainly those produced domestically by PRC manufacturers. Luxury import brand dealers have responded
to these threats by discounting the sale price of their vehicles, which has significantly challenged our ability to generate a profit
from the sale of parallel-import vehicles. Consistent with our strategy to focus only on profitable parallel-import vehicle transactions,
our unit sales during the first half of