An investment in shares of our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following
information about these risks, together with the other
information contained in this prospectus, before you decide
whether to buy our common stock. The occurrence of any of the
following risks could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Relating to Citi Trends, Inc. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate, identify
and respond rapidly to changes in consumers’ fashion
tastes, and our failure to evaluate adequately fashion trends
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. The apparel industry in general and our core customer market in
particular are subject to rapidly evolving fashion trends and
shifting consumer demands. Accordingly, our success is heavily
dependent on our ability to anticipate, identify and capitalize
on emerging fashion trends, including products, styles and
materials that will appeal to our target consumers. Our failure
to anticipate, identify or react appropriately to changes in
styles, trends, brand preferences or desired image preferences
is likely to lead to lower demand for our merchandise, which
could cause, among other things, sales declines, excess
inventories and higher markdowns. The inaccuracy of our
forecasts regarding fashion trends could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. If we are unsuccessful in competing with our retail apparel
competitors, our market share could decline or our growth could
be impaired and, as a result, our financial results could
suffer. The retail apparel market is highly competitive, with few
barriers to entry. We compete against a diverse group of
retailers, including national off-price apparel chains such as
The TJX Companies, Inc., or TJX Companies, Burlington Coat
Factory Warehouse Corp., or Burlington Coat Factory, and Ross
Stores, Inc., or Ross Stores; mass merchants such as Wal-Mart
and Kmart; smaller discount retail chains that only sell
women’s products, such as Rainbow, Dots, Fashion Cents,
It’s Fashions (a subsidiary of The Cato Corporation) and
Simply Fashions; and general merchandise discount stores and
dollar stores, which offer a variety of products, including
apparel, for the value-conscious consumer. We also compete
against local off-price and specialty retail stores, regional
retail chains, traditional department stores, and Internet and
other direct retailers. The level of competition we face from these retailers varies
depending on the product segment, as many of our competitors do
not offer apparel for the entire family. Our greatest
competition is generally in women’s apparel. Many of our
competitors are larger than we are and have substantially
greater resources than we do and, as a result, may be able to
adapt better to changing market conditions, exploit new
opportunities, exert greater pricing pressures on suppliers and
open new stores more quickly and effectively than we can. Many
of these retailers have better name recognition among consumers
than we have and purchase significantly more merchandise from
vendors. These retailers may be able to purchase branded
merchandise that we cannot purchase because of their name
recognition and relationships with suppliers, or they may be
able to purchase branded merchandise with better pricing
concessions than we receive. Our local and regional competitors
have extensive knowledge of the consumer base and may be able to
garner more loyalty from customers than we can. In addition, our
online competitors enjoy a retailing advantage over us as we
have only recently completed the upgrade of our website to
enable Internet sales of selected urban branded apparel provided
by third parties. If the consumer base we serve is satisfied
with the selection, quality and price of our competitors’
products, consumers may decide not to shop in our stores.
Additionally, if our existing competitors or other retailers
decide to focus more on our core customers, particularly
African-Americans consumers, we may have greater difficulty in
competing effectively, our business and results of operations
could be adversely affected, and the market price of our common
stock could suffer. 7 Table of Contents The retail industry periodically has experienced consolidation
and other ownership changes. In the future, other United States
or foreign retailers may consolidate, undergo restructurings or
reorganizations, or realign their affiliations. Any of these
developments could result in our competitors increasing their
buying power or market visibility. These developments may cause
us to lose market share and could have a material adverse effect
on our sales, revenues and results of operations. We could experience a reduction in sales and revenues or
reduced cash flows if we are unable to fulfill our current and
future merchandising needs. We depend on our suppliers for the continued availability and
satisfactory quality of our merchandise. Most of our suppliers
could discontinue selling to us at any time. Additionally, if
the manufacturers or other owners of brands or trademarks
terminate the license agreements under which some of our
suppliers sell us products, we may be unable to obtain
replacement merchandise of comparable fashion appeal or quality,
in the same quantities or at the same prices. If we lose the
services of one or more of our significant suppliers or one or
more of them fail to meet our merchandising needs, we may be
unable to obtain replacement merchandise in a timely manner. If
our existing suppliers cannot meet our increased needs and we
cannot locate alternative supply sources, we may be unable to
obtain sufficient quantities of the most popular items of the
nationally recognized brands at attractive prices, which could
negatively impact our sales, revenues and results of operations. As an apparel retailer, we rely on numerous third parties in
the supply chain to produce and deliver the products that we
sell, and our business may be negatively impacted by their
failure to comply with applicable law. As an importer and retailer of goods, we rely on numerous third
parties to supply the products that we sell. Violations of law
by our importers, buying agents, manufacturers or distributors
could result in delays in shipments and receipt of goods and
could subject us to fines or other penalties, any of which could
restrict our business activities, increase our operating
expenses or cause our revenues to decline. Further, we are
susceptible to the receipt of counterfeit brands or unlicensed
goods. We could incur liability with manufacturers or other
owners of the brands or trademarked products if we inadvertently
receive and sell counterfeit brands or unlicensed goods and,
therefore, is important that we establish relationships with
reputable vendors to prevent the possibility that we
inadvertently receive counterfeit brands or unlicensed goods.
Although we have a quality assurance team to check merchandise
in an effort to assure that we purchase only authentic brands
and licensed goods and are careful in selecting our vendors, we
may receive products that we are prohibited from selling or
incur liability for selling counterfeit brands or unlicensed
goods, which could increase our operating expenses and cause our
net income to decline. If our growth strategy is unsuccessful, our financial
condition and results of operation could suffer and the market
price of our common stock could decline. Our ability to continue to increase our net sales and earnings
depends, in large part, on opening new stores and operating our
new and existing stores profitably. We opened 40 new stores in
fiscal 2004. For fiscal 2005, we have opened 36 new stores thus
far and have no additional openings planned. We expect to open
42 to 45 new stores in fiscal 2006. If we are unable to open all
of these stores or operate them profitability, we may not
achieve our forecasted sales and earnings growth targets.
Additionally, growth of our store base will place increased
demands on our operating, managerial and administrative
resources and may lead to management and operating
inefficiencies, including merchandising, personnel, distribution
and integration problems. These demands and inefficiencies may
cause deterioration in the financial performance of our
individual stores and, therefore, our entire business. 8 Table of Contents We would experience increased operating costs and limited
amounts of growth if we are unable to obtain reasonably priced
financing. We may need to raise additional debt or equity capital in the
future to open new stores, to respond to competitive pressures
or to respond to unforeseen financial requirements. We may not
be able to obtain additional capital on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. Our inability to obtain reasonably priced
financing could create increased operating costs and diminished
levels of growth, as we could be forced to incur indebtedness
with above-market interest rates or with substantial restrictive
covenants, issue equity securities that dilute the ownership
interests of existing stockholders or scale back our operations
and/or store growth strategy. A significant disruption to our distribution process or
southeastern retail locations could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Our ability to distribute merchandise to our store locations in
a timely manner is essential to the efficient and profitable
operation of our business. We have two distribution centers
located in Savannah, Georgia, one of which also serves as our
corporate headquarters, and our recently acquired distribution
center in Darlington, South Carolina. Together, these facilities
provide distribution capacity to support twice our current sales
volume. Any natu