Investing
in our common stock includes a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our common stock, you should
consider carefully the specific factors discussed below, together with all of the other information contained in and incorporated
by reference into this prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and future prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. This could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline and could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Risks
related to our Business and our Industry We
have a history of net losses and expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate revenues or, if we are
able to generate revenues, achieve profitability. We
were formed in 2007 and since our inception have incurred a net loss in each of our previous operating years. Our ability to become
profitable depends upon our ability to obtain marketing approval for and generate revenues from sales of our product candidates.
We have been focused on product development, have not received approval for any of our product candidates, and have not generated
any revenues to date. We have incurred losses in each period of our operations, and we expect to continue to incur losses for
the foreseeable future. These losses are likely to continue to adversely affect our working capital, total assets and stockholders’
equity. The process of developing our product candidates requires significant clinical, development and laboratory testing and
clinical trials. In addition, commercialization of our product candidates will require that we obtain necessary regulatory approvals
and establish sales, marketing and manufacturing capabilities, either through internal hiring or through contractual relationships
with others. We expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future as a result of anticipated increases in our research
and development costs, including costs associated with conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials, and regulatory compliance
activities. We incurred net losses of $15,562,144, $12,536,638 and $10,384,953 for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and
2017, respectively, and $8,747,339 for the six months ended March 31, 2020. At March 31, 2020, we had stockholders’ equity
of $22,443,707 and an accumulated deficit of $64,567,321. Our net cash used in operating activities was $12,437,751, $11,318,138
and $7,971,205 for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, and $9,581,869 for the six months ended March
31, 2020. Our
ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability will depend on numerous factors, including success in: ● developing
                                         and testing product candidates; ● receiving
                                         regulatory approvals for our product candidates; ● commercializing
                                         our product candidates; ● manufacturing
                                         commercial quantities of our product candidates at acceptable cost levels; ● obtaining
                                         medical insurance coverage for any approved product candidate; and ● establishing
                                         a favorable competitive position for our product candidates. Many
of these factors will depend on circumstances beyond our control. We cannot assure you that any of our product candidates will
be approved by the FDA or any foreign regulatory body or obtain medical insurance coverage, that we will successfully bring any
approved product to market or, if so, that we will ever become profitable. There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. At
March 31, 2020, after taking into account the proceeds from our common stock and warrant financing in May 2020, we expect that
we have sufficient capital to continue our operations through September 2020. You should not rely on our consolidated balance
sheet as an indication of the amount of proceeds that would be available to satisfy claims of creditors, and potentially be available
for distribution to stockholders, in the event of liquidation. 10 Our
audited consolidated financial statements included in this report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going
concern and do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of
assets, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result if we do not continue as a going concern. We have concluded
that substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern exists and our auditors have made reference to this in
their audit report on our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2019. We
need to secure additional financing in the near future to complete the development of our current product candidates and support
our operations. We
anticipate that we will incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. We have received gross proceeds of approximately $53.3
million from our public and private placement offerings through March 31, 2020. Additionally, in connection with the acquisition
of LMB our Executive Chairman, Leonard Mazur, made an equity investment of $3.0 million in March 2016. Mr. Mazur has also loaned
us $4,710,000 pursuant to convertible promissory notes. On August 8, 2017, these notes and accrued interest of $76,240 were converted
into 1,547,067 shares of common stock at a price of $3.09 per share as part of an underwritten public offering which closed on
the same date. The
amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: ● the
                                         rate of progress and cost of our trials and other product development programs for our
                                         current product candidates; ● the
                                         costs and timing of obtaining licenses for additional product candidates, especially
                                         a license from Novellus for a possible ARDS treatment candidate, or acquiring other complementary
                                         technologies; ● the
                                         timing of any regulatory approvals of any of our product candidates; ● the
                                         costs of establishing or contracting for sales, marketing and distribution capabilities
                                         for our product candidates; and ● the
                                         status, terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co-promotion or other arrangements. We
will need to access the capital markets in the future for additional capital for research and development and for operations.
Traditionally, pharmaceutical companies have funded their research and development expenditures through raising capital in the
equity markets. Declines and uncertainties in these markets over the past several years have severely restricted raising new capital
and have affected companies’ ability to continue to expand or fund existing research and development efforts. The recent
turmoil in the financial markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic could also adversely impact future fundraising activities. If the
COVID-19 pandemic and related and/or other economic conditions continue or become worse, our future cost of equity or debt capital
and access to the capital markets could be adversely affected. If we are not successful in securing additional financing, we may
be required to significantly delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs, downsize
our general and administrative infrastructure, or seek alternative measures to avoid insolvency, including arrangements with collaborative
partners or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our technologies or product candidates. We
are primarily a late-stage development company with an unproven business strategy and may never achieve commercialization of our
therapeutic product candidates or profitability. We
have no approved products. All of our current product candidates are in the pre-clinical or clinical stage. We rely on third parties
to conduct the research and development activities for our product candidates. Further, we have no sales or marketing capability
at this time. Even if we decide to use collaborative partners to assist us in the commercialization of our product candidates,
our product commercialization capabilities are unproven. Our success will depend upon our ability to develop such capabilities
on our own or to enter into collaboration agreements on favorable terms and to select an appropriate commercialization strategy
for each product candidate that we choose to pursue, whether on our own or in collaboration. If we are not successful in implementing
our strategy to commercialize our product candidates, we may never achieve, maintain or increase profitability. Our ability to
successfully commercialize any of our product candidates will depend, among other things, on our ability to: 11 ● successfully
                                         complete pre-clinical and clinical trials for our product candidates; ● receive
                                         marketing approvals from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities for our product
                                         candidates; ● establish
                                         commercial manufacturing arrangements with third-party manufacturers for our product
                                         candidates; ● produce,
                                         through a validated process, sufficiently large quantities of our drug compound(s) to
                                   