: An investment in our company is highly speculative and involves a significant
degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should
carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our securities. 5 Risks Associated with Our Business Our business is subject to
many significant risks, as more fully described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” immediately following this prospectus
summary. You should read and carefully consider these risks, together with the risks set forth under the section entitled “Risk
Factors” and all of the other information in this prospectus, including the financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. If any of the risks discussed in this prospectus
actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially and adversely affected. In particular, our
risks include, but are not limited to, the following: ● our ability to implement our business plan relating
    to our fintech solutions and technology to provide e-banking and e-commerce services and our recent equity investments in real
    estate projects in Florida; ● our ability to attract key personnel; ● our ability to operate profitably; ● our ability to efficiently and effectively finance our operations; ● our ability to raise additional financing for working capital; ● our ability to efficiently manage our operations; ● that our accounting policies and methods
may require management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain; ● our ability to consummate future acquisitions or strategic transactions; ● changes
in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which we operate; ● adverse state or federal legislation or regulation
that increases the costs of compliance, or adverse findings by a regulator with respect to existing operations; and ● our ability to upgrade the Cuentas Mobile App and digital distribution
system and make it completely functionable. 6 RISK FACTORS Investing in our common
stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other
information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, including our financial statements, the notes thereto and the section entitled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” before deciding to invest in our common stock. The occurrence
of any of the following risks could have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations
and future growth prospects, as well as our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. As a result, the trading price of our common
stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or
that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations and stock price. Risks Related to the Company We have a limited operating history relating
to our fintech solutions and technology to provide e-banking and e-commerce services or our recent equity investments in real estate projects
in Florida and therefore we cannot ensure, either in the near- or long-term, that we will be able to generate cash flow or profit. We have a limited operating history relating
to our fintech solutions and technology to provide e-banking and e-commerce services or our recent equity investments in real estate projects
in Florida upon which you may evaluate our business and an investment in our Common Stock may entail significantly more risk than
the shares of Common Stock of a company with a substantial operating history. Our ability to successfully develop and market our products,
and to realize consistent, meaningful revenues and profit has not been established and cannot be assured. For us to achieve success, our
products must receive broader market acceptance by consumers. Without this market acceptance, we will not be able to generate sufficient
revenue to continue our business operation. If our products are not widely accepted by the market, our business may fail. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability
and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to generate revenues, manage development costs and expenses, and compete successfully
with our direct and indirect competitors. Our business operations are subject to numerous
risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties associated with early stage enterprises. You should consider an investment in our company
in light of these risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties. Such risks include: the absence of a lengthy operating history; insufficient
capital to fully realize our operating plan; our ability to anticipate and adapt to a developing market; a competitive environment characterized
by well-capitalized competitors; our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel; our reliance on key management personnel. Because we are subject to these risks, evaluating
our business may be difficult. We may be unable to successfully overcome these risks, which could harm our business and prospects. Our
business strategy may be unsuccessful and we may be unable to address the risks we face in a cost-effective manner, if at all. If we are
unable to successfully address these risks, there may be an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows. We have incurred substantial losses from
operations to date and we may never achieve profitability from operations or generate sufficient cash flows to make or sustain distributions
to our shareholders. We have incurred substantial losses from operations
to date and we may never achieve profitability from operations. Even if we do achieve profitability, we cannot assure you that we will
be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. There can be no assurance that future operations
will be profitable or that we will be able to make or sustain distributions to our shareholders from cash from operations. Revenues and
profits, if any, will depend upon various factors, including whether we will be able to successfully implement our business plan and operating
strategy. We may not achieve our business objectives and the failure to achieve such goals would have an adverse impact on us. In addition,
an inability to achieve profitability could have a detrimental effect on the market value of our Common Stock. We are an early entrant in an emerging industry,
and the long-term viability of our business strategy is unproven. As an early entrant in this emerging Fintech industry,
we are subject to the risk that our business model and business plan may not prove to be a viable long-term business strategy. If it turns
out that our strategy is not a viable long-term business strategy, we may not be able to generate meaningful cash flows, which would materially
and adversely affect the viability of our business and stock price. We have never generated any significant amount of revenue from
our fintech solutions and technology business. 7 We may not be able to secure sufficient
capital to effectively execute our business plan. We may not be able to attract and obtain sufficient capital from the
equity and debt markets, or any other capital markets, to execute our business plan and grow our business. If we do not have access to
sufficient funding in the future, we may not be able to make necessary capital expenditures necessary to execute our business plan, and
in that event our ability to generate revenue may be significantly impaired. We will be required
to obtain significant capital to make equity investments in real estate projects and such capital may not be available on terms acceptable
to us, if at all. Our percentage ownership in such real estate projects may be reduced if we are unable to obtain significant additional
financing for such projects. We
have relied upon vendors and other third parties to develop, manage and operate our fintech solutions. To the extent our vendors and other
third parties encounter financial and operational difficulties, our business, results of operations and financial conditions may be materially
and adversely affected. During the
early stages of our financial solutions and technology business, due to our limited financial resources, we have relied upon vendors and
other third parties to develop, manage and operate those businesses. To the extent our vendors and other third parties encounter financial
and operational difficulties, our business, results of operations and financial conditions may be materially and adversely affected. In April
2023, CIMA, which provided maintenance and support services for our technology platform, shut down access to the platform as we were transitioning
to a new, improved platform, and during the first quarter of 2023, we reduced product availability to Cuentas-SDI to allow Cuentas-SDI
to catch up on its payments and during the second quarter of 2023 we curtailed all services to Cuentas-SDI and marketing initiatives with
Cuentas-SDI due to its inability to reduce its debt significantly. These disruption to our fintech solutions and technology business were
a major reason for the decline in revenue between the Q1-Q2 periods in 2022 and 2023. The success of our equity investments in
real estate projects in Florida will depend upon the ability of the real estate developers , contractors,
property managers and operators to develop, construct, manage and operate those projects and other factors beyond our control. We own a minority equity interest in certain real
estate development projects in Florida. The success of those projects will depends upon ability of the real estate developers, contractors,
property managers and operators 