You should carefully consider the risks described below,
together with all of the other information in this prospectus,
before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any
of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could suffer. In this case,
the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may
lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Volatility and cyclicality in the commercial vehicle
    market could adversely affect us. Our profitability depends in part on the varying conditions in
the commercial vehicle market. This market is subject to
considerable volatility as it moves in response to cycles in the
overall business environment and is particularly sensitive to
the industrial sector, which generates a significant portion of
the freight tonnage hauled. Sales of commercial vehicles have
historically been cyclical, with demand affected by such
economic factors as industrial production, construction levels,
demand for consumer durable goods, interest rates and fuel
costs. For example, North American commercial vehicle sales and
production experienced a downturn from 2000 to 2003 due to a
confluence of events that included a weak economy, an oversupply
of new and used vehicle inventory and lower spending on
commercial vehicles and equipment. This downturn had a material
adverse effect on our business during the same period. We cannot
provide any assurances as to the length or ultimate level of the
current recovery in the commercial vehicle market. Our customer base is concentrated and the loss of business
    from a major customer or the discontinuation of particular
    commercial vehicle platforms could reduce our sales. Sales to PACCAR and Freightliner accounted for approximately 28%
and 17%, respectively, of our revenue for 2004, and our ten
largest customers accounted for 72% of our revenue in 2004. On a
pro forma basis, sales to International, PACCAR, Freightliner
and Volvo/ Mack would have accounted for approximately 18%, 16%,
14% and 12%, respectively, of our revenue for 2004 and our ten
largest customers would have accounted for approximately 78% of
our revenue for 2004. The loss of any of our largest customers
or the loss of significant business from any of these customers
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Even though we may be
selected as the supplier of a product by an OEM for a particular
vehicle, our OEM customers issue blanket purchase orders which
generally provide for the supply of that customer’s annual
requirements for that vehicle, rather than for a specific number
of our products. If the OEM’s requirements are less than
estimated, the number of products we sell to that OEM will be
accordingly reduced. In addition, the OEM may terminate its
purchase orders with us at any time. Our profitability would be adversely affected if the
    actual production volumes for our customers’ vehicles is
    significantly lower than we anticipated. We incur costs and make capital expenditures based upon
estimates of production volumes for our customers’
vehicles. While we attempt to establish a price of our
components and systems that will compensate for variances in
production volumes, if the actual production of these vehicles
is significantly less than anticipated, our gross margin on
these products would be adversely affected. We enter into
agreements with our customers at the beginning of a given
platform’s life to supply products for that platform. Once
we enter into such agreements, fulfillment of our purchasing
requirements is our obligation for the entire production life of
the platform, with terms ranging from five to seven years, and
we have no provisions to terminate such contracts. We may become
committed to supply products to our customers at selling prices
that are not sufficient to cover the direct cost to produce such
products. We cannot predict our customers’ demands for our
products either in the aggregate or for particular reporting
periods. If customers representing a significant amount of our
sales were to purchase materially lower volumes than expected,
it would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents Commercial vehicle OEMs have historically had significant
    leverage over their outside suppliers. The commercial vehicle component supply industry has
traditionally been highly fragmented and serves a limited number
of large OEMs. As a result, OEMs have historically had a
significant amount of leverage over their outside suppliers. Our
contracts with major OEM customers generally provide for an
annual productivity cost reduction. Historically, cost
reductions through product design changes, increased
productivity and similar programs with our suppliers have
generally offset these customer-imposed productivity cost
reduction requirements. However, if we are unable to generate
sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price
reductions, our gross margin and profitability would be
adversely affected. In addition, changes in OEMs’
purchasing policies or payment practices could have an adverse
effect on our business. Integrating our operations with the Mayflower and MWC
    operations may prove to be disruptive and could result in the
    combined businesses failing to meet our expectations. We expect that the Mayflower and MWC acquisitions will result in
increased revenue and profit growth. We cannot be sure that we
will realize these anticipated benefits in full or at all.
Achieving the expected benefits from these acquisitions will
depend, in part, upon whether the operations and personnel of
Mayflower and MWC can be integrated in an efficient and
effective manner with our existing business. Our management team
may encounter unforeseen difficulties in managing the
integration of the three businesses. The process of integrating
three formerly separately operated businesses may prove
disruptive to all three businesses, may take longer than we
anticipate and may cause an interruption of and have a material
adverse effect on our combined businesses. We may be unable to successfully implement our business
    strategy. Our ability to achieve our business and financial objectives is
subject to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our
control. For example, we may not be successful in implementing
our strategy if unforeseen factors emerge that diminish the
expected growth in the heavy truck market, or we experience
increased pressure on our margins. In addition, we may not
succeed in integrating strategic acquisitions and our pursuit of
additional strategic acquisitions may lead to resource
constraints which could have a negative impact on our ability to
meet customers’ demands, thereby adversely affecting our
relationships with those customers. As a result of such business
or competitive factors, we may decide to alter or discontinue
aspects of our business strategy and may adopt alternative or
additional strategies. Any failure to successfully implement our
business strategy could adversely affect our business, results
of operations and growth potential. Developing product innovations has been and will continue to be
a significant part of our business strategy. We believe that it
is important that we continue to meet our customers’
demands for product innovation, improvement and enhancement,
including the continued development of new-generation products,
design improvements and innovations that improve the quality and
efficiency of our products. However, such development will
require us to continue to invest in research and development and
sales and marketing. In the future, we may not have sufficient
resources to make such necessary investments, or we may be
unable to make the technological advances necessary to carry out
product innovations sufficient to meet our customers’
demands. We are also subject to the risks generally associated
with product development, including lack of market acceptance,
delays in product development and failure of products to operate
properly. We may, as a result of these factors, be unable to
meaningfully focus on product innovation as a strategy and may
therefore be unable to meet our customers’ demands for
product innovation. If we are unable to obtain raw materials at favorable
    prices, it could adversely impact our results of operations and
    financial condition. Numerous raw materials are used in the manufacture of our
products. Steel, aluminum, resin, foam and fabrics account for
the most significant components of our raw material costs.
Although we currently 13 Table of Contents maintain alternative sources for raw materials, our business is
subject to the risk of price increases and periodic delays in
delivery. For example, we purchase steel at market prices which,
during the past year have increased to historical high levels as
a result of a relatively low level of supply and a relatively
high level of demand. As a result we are currently being
assessed surcharges as well as price increases on certain
purchases of steel. If we are unable to purchase certain raw
materials required for our operations for a significant period
of time, our operations would be disrupted, and our results of
operations would be adversely affected. In addition, if we are
unable to pass on the increased costs of raw materials to our
customers, this could adversely affect our results of operations
and financial condition. Our operating results for the year
ended December 31, 2004 and the three months ended
March 31, 2005 were adversely affected by steel surcharges
that we are being assessed on certain of our purchases of steel.
The Mayflower acquisition has significantly increased our demand
for both steel and aluminum elevating our risk with respect to
increases in price