—
    Risks Related to the Limited Partnership Structure Through Which
    We Hold Our Interest in the Nitrogen Fertilizer
    Business — If the Partnership does not consummate an
    initial offering by October 24, 2009, Fertilizer GP can
    require us to purchase its managing general partner interest in
    the Partnership. We may not have requisite funds to do so”. Description of
    Partnership Interests Following Initial Offering Common Units. The common units, if
    issued, will be comprised of common GP units and common LP
    units. The common GP units will be special general partner
    interests giving the holder special GP rights (described above),
    including rights with respect to the appointment, termination
    and compensation of the chief executive officer and the chief
    financial officer of the managing general partner, and entitling
    the holder to participate in Partnership distributions and
    allocations on a pro rata basis with common LP units. Common LP
    units will have identical voting and distribution rights as the
    common GP units, but will represent limited partner interests in
    the Partnership and will not give the holder thereof special GP
    rights. The common units will be entitled to payment of the
    minimum quarterly distribution prior to the payment of any
    quarterly distribution on the subordinated units or the IDRs.
    For more information of the rights and preferences of holders of
    the common units, 227 Table of Contents subordinated units and IDRs in the Partnership’s
    distributions, please see “— Cash Distributions
    by the Partnership.” We will be permitted to sell the common units we own at any time
    without the consent of the managing general partner, subject to
    compliance with applicable securities laws. The common GP units
    will automatically convert to common LP units immediately prior
    to sale thereof to an unrelated third party. The common GP units
    will automatically convert into common LP units (with no special
    GP rights) immediately if the holder of the common GP units,
    together with all of its affiliates, ceases to own 15% or more
    of all units of the Partnership (not including the managing
    general partner interest). Subordinated Units. The subordinated
    units, if issued, will be comprised of subordinated GP units and
    subordinated LP units. The subordinated GP units will be special
    general partner interests giving the holder special GP rights.
    Subordinated LP units will have identical voting and
    distribution rights as the subordinated GP units, but will
    represent limited partner interests in the Partnership and will
    not give the holder thereof special GP rights. The subordinated
    units will entitle the holder to participate in Partnership
    distributions and allocations on a subordinated basis to the
    common units (as described in “— Cash
    Distributions by the Partnership”). During the
    subordination period, the subordinated units will not be
    entitled to receive any distributions until the common units
    have received the set minimum quarterly distribution plus any
    arrearages from prior quarters. Furthermore, no arrearages will
    be paid on the subordinated units. As a result, if the
    Partnership consummates an initial offering, the portion of our
    special units that are converted into subordinated units will be
    subordinated to the common units and may not receive
    distributions unless and until the common units have received
    the minimum quarterly distribution, plus any accrued and unpaid
    arrearages in the minimum quarterly distribution from prior
    quarters. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to
    the Limited Partnership Structure Through Which We Hold Our
    Interest In the Nitrogen Fertilizer Business — Our
    rights to receive distributions from the Partnership may be
    limited over time” and “Risk Factors — Risks
    Related to the Limited Partnership Structure Through Which We
    Hold Our Interest In the Nitrogen Fertilizer
    Business — If the Partnership completes a public
    offering or private placement of limited partner interests, our
    voting power in the Partnership would be reduced and our rights
    to distributions from the Partnership could be materially
    adversely affected.” We will be permitted to sell the subordinated units we own at
    any time without the consent of the managing general partner,
    subject to compliance with applicable securities laws. The
    subordinated units will automatically convert into common units
    on the second day after the distribution of cash in respect of
    the last quarter in the subordination period (which will end no
    earlier than five years after the initial offering), although up
    to 50% may convert earlier. The subordinated GP units will
    automatically convert to subordinated LP units immediately prior
    to sale thereof to an unrelated third party. The subordinated GP
    units will automatically convert into subordinated LP units
    immediately if the holder of the subordinated GP units, together
    with all of its affiliates, ceases to own 15% or more of all
    units of the Partnership. Managing General Partner Interest. The
    managing general partner interest will continue to be
    outstanding following the initial offering. Management of the
    Partnership The managing general partner manages the Partnership’s
    operations and activities, subject to our joint management
    rights, as specified in the partnership agreement. Among other
    things, the managing general partner has sole authority to
    effect an initial public or private offering of the Partnership,
    including the right to determine the timing, size (subject to
    our consent rights for any initial offering in excess of
    $200 million, exclusive of the underwriters’ option,
    if any) and underwriters or initial purchasers, if any, for any
    initial offering. The Partnership’s managing general
    partner is wholly-owned by an entity controlled by the Goldman
    Sachs Funds, the Kelso Funds and certain members of our senior
    management team. The operations of the managing general partner,
    in its capacity as the managing general partner of the
    Partnership, are managed by its board of directors. As of the
    date of this prospectus, the board of directors of the managing
    general partner consisted of Donna R. Ecton, John J. Lipinski,
    Scott L. Lebovitz, George E. Matelich, Frank M.
    Muller, Jr., Stanley 228 Table of Contents de J. Osborne and Kenneth A. Pontarelli. Actions by the managing
    general partner that are made in its individual capacity will be
    made by the sole member of the managing general partner and not
    by its board of directors. The managing general partner is not
    elected by the unitholders or us and is not subject to
    re-election on a regular basis in the future. The officers of
    the managing general partner manage the day-to-day affairs of
    the Partnership’s business. The special general partner, which we own, has special
    management rights. The special management rights will terminate
    if we cease to own 15% of more of all units of the Partnership.
    Our management rights include: • appointment rights and consent rights for the termination of
    employment and compensation of the chief executive officer and
    chief financial officer of the managing general partner, not to
    be exercised unreasonably (our approval for appointment of an
    officer is deemed given if the officer is an executive officer
    of CVR Energy); • the right to appoint two directors to the board of directors of
    the managing general partner and one such director to any
    committee thereof (subject to certain exceptions); • consent rights over any merger by the Partnership into another
    entity where: • for so long as we own 50% or more of all units of the
    Partnership immediately prior to the merger, less than 60% of
    the equity interests of the resulting entity are owned by the
    pre-merger unitholders of the Partnership; • for so long as we own 25% or more of all units of the
    Partnership immediately prior to the merger, less than 50% of
    the equity interests of the resulting entity are owned by the
    pre-merger unitholders of the Partnership; and • for so long as we own more than 15% of all of the units of the
    Partnership immediately prior to the merger, less than 40% of
    the equity interests of the resulting entity are owned by the
    pre-merger unitholders of the Partnership; • consent rights over any purchase or sale, exchange or other
    transfer of assets or entities with a purchase/sale price equal
    to 50% or more of the Partnership’s asset value; and • consent rights over any incurrence of indebtedness or issuance
    of Partnership interests with rights to distribution or in
    liquidation ranking prior or senior to the common units, in
    either case in excess of $125 million ($200 million in
    the case of the Partnership’s initial public or private
    offering, exclusive of the underwriters’ option, if any),
    increased by 80% of the purchase price for assets or entities
    whose purchase was approved by us as described in the
    immediately preceding bullet point. As of the date of this prospectus, the board of directors of the
    managing general partner consists of seven directors, including
    two representatives of the Goldman Sachs Funds, two
    representatives of the Kelso Funds, Donna R. Ecton and Frank M.
    Muller, Jr., who are independent directors and John J.
    Lipinksi, chief executive officer and president of the managing
    general partner and CVR Energy. If the Partnership effects an
    initial public offering in the future, the board of directors of
    the managing general partner will be required, subject to
    p