This offering involves a high degree of risk. You should
    carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the
    other information contained in this prospectus before purchasing
    our common stock. Risks
    Related to Our Business We
    have only recently become profitable and we may be unable to
    sustain future profitability. We have only recently become profitable, generating net income
    of $10.8 million for fiscal 2006 and income before taxes of
    $18.8 million in fiscal 2007. In fiscal 2007, we recorded
    an income tax benefit of $45.4 million primarily due to the
    reversal of substantially all of our deferred income tax
    valuation allowance, which resulted in net income of
    $64.3 million. As of March 31, 2007, we had an
    accumulated deficit of $104.3 million. We may be unable to
    sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis
    in the future. We intend to continue to expend significant funds
    in developing our software and service offerings and for general
    corporate purposes, including marketing, services and sales
    operations, hiring additional personnel, upgrading our
    infrastructure and expanding into new geographical markets. We
    expect that associated expenses will precede any revenues
    generated by the increased spending. If we experience a downturn
    in business, we may incur losses and negative cash flows from
    operations, which could materially adversely affect our results
    of operations and capitalization. Our
    industry is intensely competitive, and most of our competitors
    have greater financial, technical and sales and marketing
    resources and larger installed customer bases than we do, which
    could enable them to compete more effectively than we
    do. The data management software market is intensely competitive,
    highly fragmented and characterized by rapidly changing
    technology and evolving standards. Competitors vary in size and
    in the scope and breadth of the products and services offered.
    Our primary competitors include CA, Inc. (formerly known as
    Computer Associates International, Inc.), EMC Corporation (EMC),
    Hewlett-Packard Company, International Business Machines
    Corporation (IBM) and Symantec Corporation. The principal competitive factors in our industry include
    product functionality, product integration, platform coverage,
    ability to scale, price, worldwide sales infrastructure, global
    technical support, name recognition and reputation. The ability
    of major system vendors to bundle hardware and software
    solutions is also a significant competitive factor in our
    industry. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer
    operating histories and have substantially greater financial,
    technical, sales, marketing and other resources than we do, as
    well as larger installed customer bases, greater name
    recognition and broader product offerings, including hardware.
    These competitors can devote greater resources to the
    development, promotion, sale and support of their products than
    we can and have the ability to bundle their hardware and
    software products in a combined offering. As a result, these
    competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or
    emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. It is also costly and time-consuming to change data management
    systems. Most of our new customers have installed data
    management software, which gives an incumbent competitor an
    advantage in retaining a customer because it already understands
    the network infrastructure, user demands and information
    technology needs of the customer, and also because some
    customers are reluctant to change vendors. Our current and potential competitors may establish cooperative
    relationships among themselves or with third parties. If so, new
    competitors or alliances that include our competitors may emerge
    that could acquire significant market share. In addition, large
    operating system and application vendors, such as Microsoft
    Corporation, have introduced products or functionality that
    include some of the same functions offered by our software
    applications. In the future, further development by these
    vendors could cause our software applications and services to
    become redundant, which could seriously harm our sales, results
    of operations and financial condition. 8 Table of Contents New competitors entering our markets can have a negative impact
    on our competitive positioning. In addition, we expect to
    encounter new competitors as we enter new markets. Furthermore,
    many of our existing competitors are broadening their operating
    systems platform coverage. We also expect increased competition
    from original equipment manufacturers, including those we
    partner with, and from systems and network management companies,
    especially those that have historically focused on the mainframe
    computer market and have been making acquisitions and broadening
    their efforts to include data management and storage products.
    We expect that competition will increase as a result of future
    software industry consolidation. Increased competition could
    harm our business by causing, among other things, price
    reductions of our products, reduced profitability and loss of
    market share. We may
    experience a decline in revenues or volatility in our operating
    results, which may adversely affect the market price of our
    common stock. We cannot predict our future revenues or operating results with
    certainty because of many factors outside of our control. A
    significant revenue or profit decline, lowered forecasts or
    volatility in our operating results could cause the market price
    of our common stock to decline substantially. Factors that could
    affect our revenues and operating results include the following: • the unpredictability of the timing and magnitude of orders for
    our software applications — during fiscal 2007 and
    fiscal 2006, a majority of our quarterly revenues was earned and
    recorded near the end of each quarter; • the possibility that our customers may cancel, defer or limit
    purchases as a result of reduced information technology budgets; • the possibility that our customers may defer purchases of our
    software applications in anticipation of new software
    applications or updates from us or our competitors; • the ability of our original equipment manufacturers and
    resellers to meet their sales objectives; • market acceptance of our new applications and enhancements; • our ability to control expenses; • changes in our pricing and distribution terms or those of our
    competitors; • the demands on our management, sales force and services
    infrastructure as a result of the introduction of new software
    applications or updates; and • the possibility that our business will be adversely affected as
    a result of the threat of terrorism or military actions taken by
    the United States or its allies. Our expense levels are relatively fixed and are based, in part,
    on our expectations of our future revenues. If revenue levels
    fall below our expectations and we are profitable at the time,
    our net income would decrease because only a small portion of
    our expenses varies with our revenues. If we are not profitable
    at the time, our net loss would increase. Therefore, any
    significant decline in revenues for any period could have an
    immediate adverse impact on our results of operations for that
    period. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied
    upon as an indication of future performance. In addition, our
    results of operations could be below expectations of public
    market analysts and investors in future periods, which would
    likely cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We
    anticipate that an increasing portion of our revenues will
    depend on our arrangements with original equipment manufacturers
    that have no obligation to sell our software applications, and
    the termination or expiration of these arrangements or the
    failure of original equipment manufacturers to sell our software
    applications would have a material adverse effect on our future
    revenues and results of operations. We have original equipment manufacturer agreements with Dell and
    Hitachi Data Systems and a reseller agreement with Dell. These
    original equipment manufacturers sell our software applications
    and in some cases incorporate our data management software into
    systems that they sell. A material portion of our revenues is 9 Table of Contents generated through these arrangements, and we expect this
    contribution to grow as a percentage of our total revenues in
    the future. However, we have no control over the shipping dates
    or volumes of systems these original equipment manufacturers
    ship and they have no obligation to ship systems incorporating
    our software applications. They also have no obligation to
    recommend or offer our software applications exclusively or at
    all, and they have no minimum sales requirements and can
    terminate our relationship at any time. These original equipment
    manufacturers also could choose to develop their own data
    management software internally and incorporate those products
    into their systems instead of our software applications. The
    original equipment manufacturers that we do business with also
    compete with one another. If one of our original equipment
    manufacturer partners views our arrangement with another
    original equipment manufacturer as competing with its products,
    it may decide to stop doing business with us. Any material
    decrease in the vol