Investing in these securities involves a high degree of risk. As an investor, you should be able to bear a complete loss of your investment. You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus before deciding to invest in our securities. The number of shares of Class A
common stock that will be outstanding after this offering set forth above is based on 15,895,959 shares of Class A common stock outstanding
as of March 27, 2025, and (i) does not give effect to (w) the conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common
stock, (x) the conversion of convertible debt securities into Class A common stock, (y) the shares of Class A
common stock underlying the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and Series AA Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, and (z) the
exercise of any warrants or stock options or vesting of restricted stock units outstanding as of the date hereof and (ii) excludes
shares of Class A common stock reserved for future grant or issuance under our 2024 Equity Incentive Plan. 6 RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities has a
high degree of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, the other
information in this prospectus, and under the caption “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 , which is incorporated by reference and the other information in this prospectus. Any of the risks and
uncertainties set forth herein could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition,
which in turn could materially and adversely affect the trading price or value of our securities. Additional risks not currently
known to us or which we consider immaterial based on information currently available to us may also materially adversely affect us.
As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to the Financing The holder of the Mast Hill Note may, at
its option, at any time, convert its Mast Hill Note into, or exercise its Mast Hill Warrants for, Class A common stock based on agreed-upon
formulas. Any such conversion or exercise will result in significant dilution to our stockholders. Our stockholders may experience
significant dilution as a result of our issuance of the securities offered hereby. The initial conversion price of the Mast Hill Note
is equal to $0.65 and is subject to adjustment with a floor price of $0.10. The Mast Hill Warrants are exercisable for five years to purchase
up to 200,000 shares of Class A common stock at an initial exercise price of $0.75, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances
described in the Mast Hill Warrants and will expire on the fifth year anniversary of the date of issuance. See “ Description of
Private Placements ” for additional information. The issuance of material amounts of Class A common stock by us pursuant
to the conversion or exercise, as applicable, of these Securities would cause our stockholders to experience significant dilution in their
investment in our Company. The Mast Hill Note and the Mast Hill Warrants
have anti-dilution provisions triggered by the issuance of our common stock and securities convertible or exercisable for common stock
at prices below the then-current conversion price for such Mast Hill Note or the then-current exercise price of such Mast Hill Warrants.
Any such adjustments would increase the number of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of such securities, as
the case may be, and increase the dilutive effect of such securities on our current shareholders. The Mast Hill Note has an
initial conversion price of $0.65 per share, and the Mast Hill Warrants had an initial exercise price of $0.75 per share. The conversion
price of the Mast Hill Note and the exercise price of the Mast Hill Warrants are subject to adjustment (see “ Description of Private
Placements ”). The Mast Hill Note provides that if the Company fails to pay an amortization payment when due, then the Investor
has the right to convert the amount of such respective amortization payment into shares of Class A common stock at the lesser of
(i) the then applicable Conversion Price under the Mast Hill Note or (ii) the Market Price (as defined in this Mast Hill Note).
The market price is VWAP of our Class A common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the date of such conversion, but in
no event less than the conversion floor price of $0.10. Any further issuances of our Class A
common stock may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. We are filing this prospectus
in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement entered into with the Investor. Although the Mast Hill Purchase Agreement restricts
our ability to issue additional debt, equity or equity-linked securities, we still have the ability to issue a significant number of additional
Class A common stock, including pursuant to existing agreements and in connection with employee and director compensation. Any further
issuances, or the perception of further issuances, of our Class A common stock or securities convertible or exercisable for our Class A
common stock may cause our share price to decline. The agreements governing our outstanding
securities, including the Mast Hill Purchase Agreement and the Mast Hill Note, contain covenants that reduce our financial flexibility
and could impede our ability to operate. The agreements governing
our indebtedness, including the Mast Hill Purchase Agreement, the Mast Hill Note, and the Mast Hill Warrants each impose significant operating
and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions will limit our and our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: · incur or guarantee additional debt or issue disqualified stock or preferred stock; 7 · pay dividends and make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, capital stock; · make certain investments; · incur certain liens; · enter into transactions with affiliates; · merge or consolidate; and · transfer or sell assets. In addition, such agreements
subject us and our subsidiaries to covenants, representations and warranties. As a result of these restrictions, we will be limited as
to how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to fund our operations, compete effectively
or to take advantage of new business opportunities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants
in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. Our failure
to comply with the restrictive covenants described above as well as the terms of any future indebtedness from time to time could result
in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their due date
and may result in the acceleration of any other debt that is subject to an applicable cross-acceleration or cross-default provision. In
the event our lenders or holders of the Mast Hill Note accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to
repay that indebtedness or if we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or cannot refinance these borrowings,
our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our management team will have broad discretion
over the use of the net proceeds from the Class A common stock issued to Mast Hill following their exercise of Mast Hill Warrants
for cash, if any, and you may not agree with how we use the proceeds and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. Our management team will
have broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from the Class A common stock issued to Mast Hill following its exercise
of Mast Hill Warrants for cash, if any, and we could use such proceeds for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of commencement
of this offering. Accordingly, you will be relying on the judgment of our management team with regard to the use of those net proceeds,
and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately.
It is possible that, pending their use, we may invest those net proceeds in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for
us. The failure of our management team to use such funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flows. Risks Related to the Equity Purchase Agreement The sale or issuance of our Class A
common stock to Mast Hill may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of Class A common stock acquired by Mast Hill, or the perception
that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our Class A common stock to fall. The purchase price for the
shares that we may sell to Mast Hill under the Equity Purchase Agreement will fluctuate based on the price of our Class A common
stock, and is subject to a floor price of $0.10. Depending on market liquidity at the time, sales of such shares may cause the trading
price of our Class A common stock to fall. Subject to the terms of the
Equity Purchase Agreement, we generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any future sales of our shares to Mast Hill.
The extent to which we rely on Mast Hill as a source of funding will depend on a number of factors, including the prevailing market price
of our Class A common stock and the extent to which we are able to secure working capital from other sources and other factors to
be determined by us. We may ultimately decide to sell to Mast Hill all, some, or none of the shares of our Class A common stock that
may be available for us to sell pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement. When we sell shares to Mast Hill and after Mast Hill has acquired
the shares, Mast Hill may resell all or some