Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the information set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and all other information in this prospectus before investing in our securities. (1) In connection with the 2012 Private Placement and the 2016 Repricing Offer we agreed to file a registration statement with the SEC no later than 30 days after the closing of such private placement and June 30, 2016, respectively, and use our best efforts to cause them to become effective and remain effective until all securities covered by the registration statement either have been sold, under the registration statement or pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or may be sold without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions pursuant to Rule 144, and without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information requirement under Rule 144. (2) Based upon the total number of issued and
    outstanding shares as of June 13, 2016, but including 841,873 shares of common stock issued upon the close of a rights
    offering on June 20, 2016, excluding: · 9,133,064 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding warrants with a weighted average exercise
price of $4.31 per share; · 4,781,124 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding stock options with a weighted average
exercise price of $3.98 per share; and · 2,248,320 shares of common stock available for future grant under our Cryoport, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 4 (3) Based upon the total number of issued and
    outstanding shares as of June 13, 2016, including 841,873 shares of common stock issued upon the close of a rights offering
    on June 20, 2016, and including shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants and the Registered
    Warrants, but excluding: · 6,431,621 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding warrants (other than the Private Warrants
and the Registered Warrants) with a weighted average exercise price of $4.18 per share; · 4,781,124 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding stock options with a weighted average
exercise price of $3.98 per share; and · 2,248,320 shares of common stock available for future grant under our Cryoport, Inc. 2015 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 5 RISK FACTORS An investment in
our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below
together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and
the related notes appearing at the end of this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our common stock or to
exercise your subscription rights to purchase shares of our common stock. If any of these risks actually occur, our business,
results of operations and financial condition could suffer. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition We have incurred significant losses
to date and may continue to incur losses. We have incurred net losses
in each fiscal year since we commenced operations. The following table represents net losses incurred for each of our last two
fiscal years: Net Loss Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2016 $ 9,820,400 Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2015 $ 7,026,900 As of March 31, 2016,
we had an accumulated deficit of $113.1 million. In order to achieve and sustain revenue growth in the future, we must significantly
expand our market presence and revenues from existing and new customers. We may continue to incur losses in the future and may
never generate revenues sufficient to become profitable or to sustain profitability. Continuing losses may impair our ability to
raise the additional capital required to continue and expand our operations. Our auditors have expressed substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm on our March 31, 2016 consolidated financial statements includes an explanatory paragraph stating
that the recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and the fact that management has estimated that cash on hand will only be sufficient to allow the company
to continue its operations through the third quarter of fiscal 2017 raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to obtain additional
funding, we may have to reduce or discontinue our business operations. As of June 13, 2016, we
had cash and cash equivalents of $3.7 million. Therefore, our ability to continue and expand our operations is highly dependent
on the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand combined with our ability to raise additional capital to fund future operations. In April 2016, we completed
a tender offer. Pursuant to the offer, original warrants were amended and exercised in connection therewith, resulting in the issuance
by the Company of an aggregate of 2,020,597 shares of its common stock for aggregate gross proceeds of $2.5 million. In June 2016,
we completed a rights offering for gross proceeds of $1.3 million in subscriptions for 841,873 shares of common stock. We anticipate, based on
currently proposed plans and assumptions relating to our ability to market and sell our products, that our cash on hand and the
proceeds from a recently completed tender offering and rights offering, together with projected cash flows, will satisfy our operational
and capital requirements through the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. There are a number of uncertainties associated with our
financial projections that could reduce or delay our future projected revenues and cash-inflows, including, but not limited to,
our ability to increase our customer base and revenues. If our projected revenues and cash-inflows are reduced or delayed, we may
not have sufficient capital to operate through the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 unless we raise more capital. Additionally,
if we are unable to realize satisfactory revenue in the near future, we will be required to seek additional financing to continue
our operations beyond that period. We will also require additional financing to expand into other markets and further develop and
market our products. We have no current arrangements with respect to any additional financing. Consequently, there can be no assurance
that any additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, will be available when needed. The inability to obtain
additional capital may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. Any additional equity financing may involve
substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. The uncertainties surrounding our future cash inflows have raised substantial
doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. 6 Risks Related to Our Business Our agreements with global providers
of shipping services may not result in a significant increase in our revenues or cash flow, soon or in the future. We believe that establishing
strategic alliances with global providers (integrators) of logistics and of shipping services, such as our agreements with FedEx,
DHL, and UPS can drive growth in our revenues, but there is no certainty to this view. We are seeking to establish similar arrangements
with other providers of international shipping services. We anticipate all such alliances will enable us to provide seamless, end-to-end
shipping solutions to customers of our respective alliance partners and allow us to leverage the established relationships with
those customers, but there is no guarantee this will happen. In January 2013, we entered
into an agreement with FedEx, renewing FedEx’s right to, on a non-exclusive basis, promote, market and sell transportation
of our shippers and our related value-added goods and services and providing FedEx with a non-exclusive license and right to use
a customized version of our Cryoportal™ software platform for the management of shipments made by FedEx customers. In June
2014, we added DHL as our second major distribution partner, whereby DHL can offer our validated and comprehensive cryogenic solutions
to its life sciences and healthcare customers on a global basis. In October 2014, we entered into an agreement with UPS related
to our participation in UPS’s efforts to expand its provision of cryogenic shipping services to the life sciences industry. Because our agreements
with FedEx, DHL, and UPS do not contain any requirement that they use a minimum level of our services, there can be no assurance
of any significant increase in our revenues or cash flows as a result of these strategic alliances. Our agreements with providers of
vaccines may not result in a significant increase in our revenues or cash flow. We believe that establishing
strategic relationships with manufacturers and distributors of treatments for animals and humans, such as our agreements with Zoetis,
Inc. can drive growth in our revenues. In December 2012, we entered
an agreement with what became Zoetis, Inc. (in January 2013, Pfizer spun off its animal health business into Zoetis, Inc., a public
company) pursuant to which we were engaged to manage frozen shipments of a key poultry vaccine from Zoetis’ production site
in the United States. Over time, Zoetis has further expanded our role in providing them assistance in managing their cryogenic
distribution of their vaccines and has become our largest customer. While we anticipate growth
in shipments by Zoetis under our management, there can be no assurance of any significant increa