Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks
described below with all of the other information included in
this prospectus before making an investment decision. If any of
the possible adverse events described below actually occurs, our
business, results of operations or financial condition would
likely suffer. In such an event, the market price of our common
stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your
investment in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business Our initial drug candidates are in the early
stages of clinical testing and we have a history of significant
losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability and, as a
result, you may lose all or part of your investment. Our initial drug candidates are in the early
stages of clinical testing and we must conduct significant
additional clinical trials before we can seek the regulatory
approvals necessary to begin commercial sales of our drugs. We
have incurred operating losses in each year since our inception
in 1997 due to costs incurred in connection with our research
and development activities and general and administrative costs
associated with our operations. Our net loss for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2003, for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2002 and 2001 and for the period
August 5, 1997 (inception) through December 31, 2000
was $23.7 million, $23.1 million, $15.9 million
and $22.4 million, respectively. As of September 30,
2003, we had an accumulated deficit of $85.1 million. We
expect to incur increasing losses for several years, as we
continue our research activities and conduct development of, and
seek regulatory approvals for, our initial drug candidates, and
commercialize any approved drugs. If our initial drug candidates
fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or
if our drugs do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be
profitable. If we fail to become and remain profitable, or if we
are unable to fund our continuing losses, you could lose all or
part of your investment. We have never generated, and may never
generate, revenues from commercial sales of our drugs and we may
not have drugs to market for several years, if ever. We currently have no drugs for sale and we cannot
guarantee that we will ever have marketable drugs. We must
demonstrate that our drug candidates satisfy rigorous standards
of safety and efficacy before the FDA and other regulatory
authorities in the United States and abroad. We and our partners
will need to conduct significant additional research,
preclinical testing and clinical testing, before we or our
partners can file applications with the FDA for approval of our
drug candidates. In addition, to compete effectively, our drugs
must be easy to use, cost-effective and economical to
manufacture on a commercial scale. We may not achieve any of
these objectives. SB-715992, our most advanced drug candidate
for the treatment of cancer, is currently our only drug
candidate in clinical trials and we cannot be certain that the
clinical development of this or any other drug candidate in
preclinical testing or clinical development will be successful,
that it will receive the regulatory approvals required to
commercialize it, or that any of our other research programs
will yield a drug candidate suitable for entry into clinical
trials. Our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from
sales of drugs that we do not expect to be commercially
available for several years, if at all. We expect that
SB-743921, our other cancer drug candidate, will enter Phase I
clinical trials in early 2004. Because SB-743921 has a similar
mechanism of action as SB-715992, the development of one or both
of these drug candidates may be discontinued at any stage of our
clinical trials programs and we may not generate revenue from
either of these drug candidates. We have funded all of our operations and capital
expenditures with proceeds from private placements of our
securities and strategic alliances with GSK and others. We
expect that the net proceeds of this offering, together with our
existing cash resources, future payments from GSK and 6 AstraZeneca, proceeds from equipment financings,
and interest earned on investments will be sufficient to meet
our projected operating requirements for at least the next
24 months. For the nine months ended September 30,
2003, our cash outflow to fund operations was approximately
$23.9 million. To meet our future cash requirements, we may
raise funds through public or private equity offerings, debt
financings or strategic alliances. To the extent that we raise
additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders
may experience additional dilution. To the extent that we raise
additional funds through debt financing, if available, this may
involve covenants that restrict our business activities. To the
extent that we raise additional funds through strategic alliance
and licensing arrangements, we will likely have to relinquish
valuable rights to our technologies, research programs or drug
candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable
to us. Clinical trials may fail to demonstrate the
safety and efficacy of our drug candidates, which could prevent
or significantly delay completion of clinical development and
regulatory approval. Prior to receiving approval to commercialize any
of our drug candidates, we must demonstrate with substantial
evidence from well-controlled clinical trials, and to the
satisfaction of the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the
United States and abroad, that such drug candidate is both safe
and effective. We will need to demonstrate efficacy for the
treatment of specific indications and monitor safety throughout
the clinical development process. To date, long-term safety and
efficacy have not yet been demonstrated in clinical trials for
any of our drug candidates. Through our strategic alliance, GSK
is currently conducting a Phase II clinical trial to test the
safety and efficacy of SB-715992 in non-small cell lung cancer.
Additional Phase II and Phase Ib clinical trials for SB-715992
and Phase I clinical trials for SB-743921 are scheduled to begin
throughout 2004. If these trials or future clinical trials are
unsuccessful, our business and reputation would be harmed and
our stock price would be negatively affected. All of our drug candidates are prone to the risks
of failure inherent in drug development. The results of
preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials of our drug
candidates do not necessarily predict the results of later-stage
clinical trials. Drug candidates in later-stage clinical trials
may fail to show desired safety and efficacy traits despite
having progressed through initial clinical trials. Even if we
believe the data collected from clinical trials of our drug
candidates are promising, such data may not be sufficient to
support approval by the FDA or any other United States or
foreign regulatory approval. Preclinical and clinical data can
be interpreted in different ways. Accordingly, FDA officials
could interpret the data in different ways than we or our
partners do, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory
approval. Administering any of our drug candidates to humans may
produce undesirable side effects. These side effects could
interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials of our drug candidates
and could result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities
denying approval of our drug candidates for any or all targeted
indications. The FDA, other regulatory authorities, our partners
or we may suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time. Any
failure or significant delay in completing clinical trials for
our drug candidates, or in receiving regulatory approval for the
sale of any drugs resulting from our drug candidates, may
severely harm our business and reputation. Clinical trials are expensive, time consuming
and subject to delay. Clinical trials are very expensive and difficult
to design and implement, especially in the cancer and congestive
heart failure indications that we are pursuing, in part because
they are subject to rigorous requirements. The clinical trial
process is also time consuming. We estimate that clinical trials
of our most advanced drug candidates will continue for several
years, but may take significantly longer to complete. The
commencement and completion of our clinical trials could be
delayed or prevented by several factors, including: • delays in obtaining regulatory approvals to
    commence a study; 7 • delays in identifying and reaching agreement on
    acceptable terms with prospective clinical trial sites; • slower than expected rates of patient recruitment
    and enrollment; • lack of effectiveness during clinical trials; • unforeseen safety issues; • uncertain dosing issues; • inability to monitor patients adequately during
    or after treatment; and • inability or unwillingness of medical
    investigators to follow our clinical protocols. We do not know whether planned clinical trials
will begin on time, will need to be restructured or will be
completed on schedule, if at all. Significant delays in clinical
trials will impede our ability to commercialize our drug
candidates and generate revenue and could significantly increase
our development costs. We depend on GSK for the conduct, completion
and funding of the clinical development and commercialization of
our current drug candidates for the treatment of
cancer. Under our strategic alliance with GSK, GSK is
currently responsible for the clinical development and
regulatory approval of SB-715992 and SB-743921. GSK is
responsible for filing applications with the FDA or other
regulatory authorities for approval of these drug candidates,
and will be the owner of any marketing approvals issued by the
FDA or other regulatory authorities. If the FDA or other
regulatory authorities approve these drug candidates, GSK will
also