.” To
the extent there are inconsistencies between this prospectus, any related prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, and any documents
incorporated by reference, the document with the most recent date will control. Unless
the context otherwise requires, “Daré,” “Daré Bioscience,” “the Company,” “we,”
“us,” “our” and similar terms refer to Daré Bioscience, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 1 PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary provides an overview of selected information and
does not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our securities. We urge you to read this entire prospectus,
including our consolidated financial statements, notes to the consolidated financial statements, the information in the section captioned
“Risk Factors,” and other information incorporated herein by reference to our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC, or included in any applicable prospectus supplement. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk and
uncertainty. Therefore, carefully consider the risk factors described in this prospectus, including those incorporated herein by reference
to our most recent annual and quarterly filings with the SEC, before purchasing our securities. Each of the risk factors could adversely
affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. About
Daré Bioscience We
are a biopharmaceutical company committed to advancing innovative products for women’s health. We are driven by a mission to identify,
develop and bring to market a diverse portfolio of differentiated therapies that prioritize women’s health and well-being, expand
treatment options, and improve outcomes, primarily in the areas of contraception, sexual health, pelvic pain, fertility, infectious disease
and menopause. Our business strategy is to in-license or otherwise acquire the rights to differentiated product candidates in our areas
of focus, some of which have existing clinical proof-of-concept data, to take those candidates through mid to late-stage clinical development
or regulatory approval, and to establish and leverage strategic collaborations to achieve commercialization. We and our wholly-owned
subsidiaries operate in one business segment. The
first product approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, to emerge from our portfolio of women’s
health product candidates is XACIATO™ (clindamycin phosphate) vaginal gel 2%, or XACIATO (pronounced zah-she-AH-toe). We achieved
FDA approval of XACIATO three years after acquiring rights to the program. XACIATO was approved by the FDA in December 2021 as a single-dose
prescription medication for the treatment of bacterial vaginosis in females 12 years of age and older. In March 2022, we entered into
an agreement with an affiliate of Organon & Co., Organon International GmbH, or Organon, which became fully effective in June 2022,
whereby Organon licensed exclusive worldwide rights to develop, manufacture and commercialize XACIATO. In accordance with the license
agreement, as amended, we are no longer working on the development, manufacture or commercialization of XACIATO. Organon commenced U.S.
marketing of XACIATO in the fourth quarter of 2023 and, in January 2024, Organon announced that XACIATO was available nationwide. Our
product pipeline includes diverse programs that target unmet needs in women’s health in the areas of contraception, sexual health,
pelvic pain, fertility, infectious disease and menopause, and aim to expand treatment options, enhance outcomes and improve ease of use
for women. We are primarily focused on progressing the development of our existing portfolio of product candidates. However, we also
explore opportunities to expand our portfolio by leveraging assets to which we hold rights or obtaining rights to new assets, with continued
focus solely on women’s health. 2 Our
current portfolio includes five product candidates in advanced clinical development (Phase 2-ready to Phase 3): ● Ovaprene® ,
                                            a hormone-free, monthly intravaginal contraceptive; ● Sildenafil
                                            Cream, 3.6% , a proprietary cream formulation of sildenafil for topical administration
                                            to the female genitalia on demand for the treatment of female sexual arousal disorder (FSAD); ● DARE-HRT1 ,
                                            an intravaginal ring designed to deliver both bio-identical estradiol and progesterone together,
                                            continuously over a 28-day period, for the treatment of moderate-to-severe vasomotor symptoms,
                                            as part of menopausal hormone therapy; ● DARE-VVA1 ,
                                            a proprietary formulation of tamoxifen for intravaginal administration being developed as
                                            a hormone-free alternative to estrogen-based therapies for the treatment of moderate-to-severe
                                            dyspareunia, or pain during sexual intercourse, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy associated
                                            with menopause; and ● DARE-HPV ,
                                            a proprietary, fixed-dose formulation of lopinavir and ritonavir in a soft gel vaginal insert
                                            for the treatment of human papillomavirus (HPV)-related cervical diseases. Our
portfolio also includes five product candidates in Phase 1 clinical development or that we believe are Phase 1-ready: ● DARE-PDM1, a proprietary hydrogel formulation of diclofenac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug,
                                            for vaginal administration as a treatment for primary dysmenorrhea; ● DARE-204 and DARE-214 , injectable formulations of etonogestrel designed to provide contraception
                                            over 6-month and 12-month periods, respectively; ● DARE-FRT1 ,
                                            an intravaginal ring designed to deliver bio-identical progesterone continuously for up to
                                            14 days for luteal phase support as part of an in vitro fertilization treatment plan; and ● DARE-PTB1 ,
                                            an intravaginal ring designed to deliver bio-identical progesterone continuously for up to
                                            14 days for the prevention of preterm birth. In
addition, our portfolio includes five preclinical stage programs: ● DARE-LARC1 ,
                                            a contraceptive implant delivering levonorgestrel with a woman-centered design that has the
                                            potential to be a long-acting, yet convenient and user-controlled contraceptive option; ● DARE-LBT ,
                                            a novel hydrogel formulation for vaginal delivery of live biotherapeutics to support vaginal
                                            health; ● DARE-GML ,
                                            an intravaginally-delivered potential multi-target antimicrobial agent formulated with glycerol
                                            monolaurate (GML), which has shown broad antimicrobial activity, killing bacteria and viruses; ● DARE-RH1 ,
                                            a novel approach to non-hormonal contraception for both men and women by targeting the CatSper
                                            ion channel; and ● DARE-PTB2 ,
                                            a novel approach for the prevention and treatment of idiopathic preterm birth through inhibition
                                            of a stress response protein. 3 The
product candidates and potential product candidates in our portfolio will require review and approval from the FDA, or a comparable foreign
regulatory authority, prior to being marketed or sold. Our
primary operations have consisted of research and development activities to advance our portfolio of product candidates through late-stage
clinical development and/or regulatory approval. We expect our research and development expenses will continue to represent the majority
of our operating expenses for at least the next twelve months. Until we secure additional capital to fund our operating needs, we will
focus our resources primarily on advancement of Ovaprene and Sildenafil Cream. In addition, we expect to incur significant research and
development expenses for the DARE-LARC1 and DARE-HPV programs, but we also expect such expenses will be supported, with respect to DARE-LARC1,
through at least 2026 by non-dilutive funding provided under a grant agreement we entered into in June 2021, and with respect to DARE-HPV,
through October 2026 by non-dilutive funding provided under a subaward agreement we entered into in October 2024. We
will need to raise substantial additional capital to continue to fund our operations and execute our current business strategy. We are
also subject to a number of other risks common to biopharmaceutical companies, including, but not limited to, dependence on key employees,
reliance on third-party collaborators, service providers and suppliers, being able to develop commercially viable products in a timely
and cost-effective manner, dependence on intellectual property we own or in-license and the need to protect that intellectual property
and maintain those license agreements, uncertainty of market acceptance of products, uncertainty of third-party payor coverage, pricing
and reimbursement for products, rapid technology change, intense competition, compliance with government regulations, product liability
claims,