” in this prospectus. As a result, you may not be able to sell your shares of common stock at or above the price at which you purchase them. In addition, the stock market in general, Nasdaq and the stock of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of Salarius’ common stock, regardless of its actual operating performance. There is no public market for the pre-funded warrants being offered in this offering. There is no public trading market for the pre-funded warrants being offered in this offering, and Salarius does not expect a market to develop. In addition, Salarius does not intend to list the pre-funded warrants on Nasdaq or any other national securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the pre-funded warrants will be limited. Holders of the pre-funded warrants will have no rights as common stockholders until such holders exercise their pre-funded warrants and acquire Salarius common stock. Except by virtue of such holder’s ownership of shares of Salarius common stock, until holders of the pre-funded warrants exercise their pre-funded warrants and acquire shares of Salarius common stock, such holders will have no rights with respect to the shares of Salarius common stock underlying such pre-funded warrants. Salarius may not receive any additional funds upon the exercise of the pre-funded warrants. Each pre-funded warrant may be exercised by way of a cashless exercise, meaning that the holder may not pay a cash purchase price upon exercise, but instead would receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of Salarius common stock determined according to the formula set forth in the pre-funded warrant. Accordingly, Salarius may not receive any additional funds upon the exercise of the pre-funded warrants. Significant holders or beneficial holders of Salarius common stock may not be permitted to exercise pre-funded warrants that they hold. A holder of a pre-funded warrant will not be entitled to exercise any portion of any pre-funded warrant which, upon giving effect or immediately prior to such exercise, would cause (i) the aggregate number of shares of Salarius common stock beneficially owned by such holder (together with its affiliates) to exceed 4.99% or 9.99% (at the initial election of the holder) of the number of shares of Salarius common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise; or (ii) the combined voting power of Salarius’ securities beneficially owned by such holder (together with its affiliates) to exceed 4.99% or 9.99% (at the initial election of the holder) of the combined voting power of all of Salarius’ securities outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the pre-funded warrants. Such percentage may be increased by the holder of the pre-funded warrant to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of Salarius’ common stock immediately after giving effect to such issuance upon at least 61 days’ prior notice from the holder to Salarius. As a result, you may not be able to exercise your pre-funded 31 warrants for shares of Salarius’ common stock at a time when it would be financially beneficial for you to do so. In such circumstance you could seek to sell your pre-funded warrants to realize value, but you may be unable to do so in the absence of an established trading market for the pre-funded warrants. Risks Related to Salarius Risks Related to Salarius’ Financial Position and Capital Needs If the Merger is not completed, Salarius may not be able to otherwise source adequate liquidity to fund its operations, meet its obligations, and continue as a going concern. Salarius’ board of directors may decide to pursue a dissolution and liquidation of Salarius. In such an event, there can be no assurances as to the amount or timing of available cash left, if any, to distribute to its stockholders after paying its debts and other obligations and setting aside funds for reserves. While Salarius has entered into the Merger Agreement with Decoy, the Merger Closing may be delayed or may not occur at all and there can be no assurance that the Merger will deliver the anticipated benefits Salarius expects or enhance stockholder value. If the Merger is not completed and the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, Salarius may be required to pay Decoy a termination fee of $300,000. Even if a termination fee is not payable in connection with a termination of the Merger Agreement, Salarius will have incurred significant fees and expenses, which must be paid whether or not the Merger is completed. Salarius does not currently have adequate financial resources to fund its forecasted operating costs for at least twelve months from the filing of this prospectus. As of September 30, 2024, Salarius’ cash and cash equivalents totaled $3.3 million, which were held in bank deposit accounts and a money market account. As of September 30, 2024, Salarius has incurred an accumulated deficit of $80.5 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Salarius reported net losses of $4.1 million. As of December 31, 2024, Salarius estimates that its cash and cash equivalents totaled $2.4 million, which were held in bank deposit accounts and a money market account. As a result, Salarius believes its existing cash resources are sufficient to meet its anticipated needs into the first half of 2025. If for any reason the Merger does not close, Salarius would need to raise additional capital to continue to fund the further development of its product candidates and its operations thereafter. Salarius has based its cash sufficiency estimates on its current business plan and its assumptions may prove to be wrong. Salarius could utilize its available capital resources sooner than it currently expects, and it could need additional funding sooner than currently anticipated. Additionally, the process of advancing early stage product candidates and testing product candidates in clinical trials is costly, and the timing of progress in these clinical trials is uncertain. Even if Salarius raises sufficient funds and decides to continue the development of its product candidates, its ability to successfully transition to profitability will be dependent upon achieving a level of product sales adequate to support its cost structure. Salarius cannot assure you that it will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms or the failure of the proposed Merger to be consummated in a timely manner would require Salarius to further delay or abandon clinical development plans. If, for any reason, the Merger does not close, the Salarius board of directors may elect to, among other things, attempt to complete another strategic transaction like the Merger, attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of the various assets of Salarius, resume its research and development activities and continue to operate the business of Salarius. Any of these alternatives would be costly and time-consuming and would require that Salarius obtain additional funding. Salarius expects that it would be difficult to secure financing in a timely manner, on favorable terms or at all. Salarius can make no assurances that it would be able to obtain additional financing or find a partner and close an alternative transaction on terms that are as favorable or more favorable than the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement or that any such alternatives are possible or would be successful, if pursued. To the extent that Salarius seeks and is able to raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, Salarius’ stockholders’ ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect their rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing or preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting Salarius’ ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If Salarius raises funds through strategic transactions or marketing, distribution, or licensing arrangements with third parties, Salarius may have to relinquish valuable rights to its technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or 32 product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to it. Even if Salarius is able to pursue such alternatives, the failure to complete the Merger may result in negative publicity and/or a negative impression of Salarius in the investment community, could significantly harm the market price of Salarius common stock and may affect Salarius’ relationship with employees and other partners in the business community. If the Salarius board of directors were to decide to dissolve and liquidate Salarius’ assets, Salarius would be required to pay all of its debts and contractual obligations, and to set aside certain reserves for potential future claims, and there can be no assurances as to the amount or timing of available cash left, if any, to distribute to stockholders after paying its debts and other obligations and setting aside funds for reserves. In addition, Salarius may be subject to litigation or other claims related to a dissolution and liquidation. If a dissolution and liquidation were pursued, the Salarius board of directors, in consultation with its advisors, would need to evaluate these matters and make a determination about a reasonable amount to re