Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8. OTCQB Symbol: Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol “DCTH.” Proposed NASDAQ listing and symbol We have applied to list our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “DCTH.” Transfer agent and registrar American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC * Based on 70,056 shares of common stock outstanding on January 24, 2020 after giving effect to the Reverse
Split. 7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involve a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the financial and
other information contained in this annual report, before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations would suffer. In that event, the trading price of our common stock and the market value of the securities offered hereby could
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Condition Our independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm issued a report dated June 14, 2019 in connection with the audit of our financial
statements as of December 31, 2018, which included an explanatory paragraph describing the existence of conditions that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, the notes to our financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2018, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on June 14, 2019, contain a disclosure describing the existence of conditions that raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations.
Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital and/or enter into strategic alliances when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or
eliminate our research and development programs or any commercialization efforts. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are not able to continue as a going
concern, it is likely that holders of our common stock will lose all of their investment. Drug development is an inherently
uncertain process with a high risk of failure at every stage of development. We received a complete response letter from the FDA declining to approve our existing New Drug Application, or NDA, in its current form. Preclinical testing and clinical trials are long, expensive and highly uncertain processes and failure can unexpectedly occur at any stage of clinical
development. Drug development is very risky, and it takes several years to complete clinical trials. The start or end of a clinical trial is often delayed or halted due to changing regulatory requirements, manufacturing challenges, required clinical
trial administrative actions, slower than anticipated patient enrollment, changing standards of care, availability or prevalence of use of a comparator treatment or required prior therapy, clinical outcomes including insufficient efficacy, safety
concerns, or our own financial constraints. In response to our NDA, which we submitted to FDA in August 2012 seeking approval for use of our
Melphalan/HDS Kit for the treatment of patients with ocular melanoma of the liver, in September 2013, the FDA denied approval of the NDA in its current form and issued a complete response letter, or CRL. A CRL is issued by the FDA when the review of
an NDA is completed, and deficiencies remain that preclude approval of the NDA in its current form. The deficiencies in the CRL included, but were not limited to, a statement that we must perform additional “well-controlled randomized trial(s)
to establish the safety and efficacy of Melphalan/HDS Kit using overall survival as the primary efficacy outcome measure” and which “demonstrates that the clinical benefits of Melphalan/HDS Kit outweigh its risks.” The FDA also
required that the additional clinical trial(s) be conducted using the product we intend to market. Prior to conducting additional clinical trials, we must satisfy certain other requirements of the CRL, including, but not limited to, product quality
testing and human factors information. We have initiated a pivotal Phase 3 trial in ocular melanoma metastases. We had a SPA agreement with FDA for this
study, which was initially designed as a randomized trial with a primary endpoint of overall survival. We 8 Table of Contents subsequently amended the protocol so that the trial is a non-randomized, single-arm study with a primary endpoint
of objective response rate. Although the changes to the protocol invalidated the SPA agreement, FDA stated that it would not object to our conducting a study outside of a SPA agreement. However, we will need to justify how the results of the study
support a favorable risk-benefit assessment, particularly whether the response rate is sufficient to overcome the toxicity of Melphalan/HDS. In addition,
we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints to support additional indications for Melphalan/HDS and HDS with other drug therapies. In 2014, we initiated a Phase 2
clinical trial with Melphalan/HDS for hepatocellular carcinoma, or HCC, in both the United States and Europe. In 2015, the Phase 2 clinical trial for HCC was expanded to include a cohort of patients with intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma, a type of
primary liver cancer, or ICC. The trial for this cohort was conducted at the same centers participating in the Phase 2 HCC trial. Unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from clinical trials, including the Phase 2 clinical trial for HCC, the
market’s perception of these clinical data or FDA’s perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain approval, and our financial condition. Additionally, even if the results of our Phase 2 clinical trial for HCC
and ICC are positive, there is a substantial risk that it will fail to have positive results in Phase 3 clinical trials with regard to efficacy, safety or other clinical outcomes and may never obtain regulatory approval. The Company does not expect to generate significant revenue for the foreseeable future. Our entire focus has been on developing, commercializing, and obtaining regulatory authorizations and approvals of CHEMOSAT ® and Melphalan/HDS and we have only developed this system for the treatment of cancers in the liver. If CHEMOSAT and Melphalan/HDS for the treatment of cancers in the liver fail as commercial
products, we have no other products to sell. In addition, since CHEMOSAT currently is approved for commercialization solely in the European Union, or the EU, and limited other jurisdictions, if medac GmbH, or medac, our third-party distributor, is
unsuccessful in commercializing the product in the EU and/or if Melphalan/HDS is not approved in the United States and elsewhere, we will have no means of generating revenue. In September 2013, the FDA issued a CRL with respect to our NDA for
Melphalan/HDS. A CRL is issued by the FDA when the review of a file is completed and questions remain that preclude approval of the NDA in its then current form. Accordingly, we do not expect to realize any revenues from product sales in the United
States in the next several years, if at all. As a result, our revenue sources are, and will remain, extremely limited unless and until our product candidates are approved by the FDA or other additional foreign regulatory agencies and successfully
marketed. CHEMOSAT and Melphalan/HDS may not be successful in clinical trials, approved by the FDA or other additional foreign regulatory agency or marketed at any time in the foreseeable future or at all. Continuing losses may exhaust our capital resources. As of September 30, 2019, we had $15.5 million in cash and cash equivalents. We have had minimal revenue to date, and have a substantial accumulated
deficit, recurring operating losses and negative cash flow. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017, we incurred net losses of approximately $19.2 million and $45.1 million, respectively and expect to continue to incur losses
in 2019. To date, we have funded operations through a combination of private placements and public offerings of its securities, including convertible notes. If we continue to incur losses, we may exhaust our capital resources, and as a result may be
unable to complete our clinical trials, engage in product development and the regulatory approval process and commercialization of CHEMOSAT and Melphalan/HDS or any other versions of these products. If we are unable to raise capital or generate
sufficient revenue, we may not be able to pay its debts when they become due and may have to seek protection under federal bankruptcy law or enter into a receivership. 9 Table of Contents If we cannot raise additional capital, our potential to generate future revenues will
be significantly limited since we may not be able to further commercialize CHEMOSAT and Melphalan/HDS, complete our clinical trials or conduct future product development and clinical trials. We will require additional substantial financing to complete our clinical trial program or seek other approvals, to conduct future development and clinical
trials and to further commercialize our