Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and
uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. The risks
described below are not the only ones we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose some or all of your original investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our
recent rapid growth may not be indicative of our future growth. Our rapid growth also makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. Our revenue was $100.8 million, $198.1 million, $85.4 million and $153.3 million for the years ended December 31,
2017 and 2018 and the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2019, respectively. You should not rely on the revenue growth of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Even if our revenue continues to increase, we
expect that our revenue growth rate will decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including the maturation of our business. Overall growth of our revenue depends on a number of factors, including our ability to: • price our products effectively so that we are able to attract new customers and expand sales to our existing
customers; • expand the functionality and use cases for the products we offer on our platform; • maintain and expand the rates at which customers purchase and renew subscriptions to our platform; • provide our customers with support that meets their needs; • continue to introduce our products to new markets outside of the United States; • successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that we believe could
complement or expand our platform; and • increase awareness of our brand on a global basis and successfully compete with other companies. We may not successfully accomplish any of these objectives, and as a result, it is difficult for us to forecast our
future results of operations. If the assumptions that we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, or if we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, our stock price could be volatile,
and it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. You should not rely on our revenue for any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. In addition, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on: • our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance and
security; • our sales and marketing organization to engage our existing and prospective customers, increase brand awareness
and drive adoption of our products; • product development, including investments in our product development team and the development of new products
and new functionality for our platform as well as investments in further optimizing our existing products and infrastructure; • acquisitions or strategic investments; 14 Table of Contents • international expansion; and • general administration, including increased legal and accounting expenses associated with being a public company. These investments may not result in increased revenue growth in our business. If we are unable to maintain or increase
our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position, and results of operations will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. Additionally,
we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our business,
financial position and results of operations may be harmed, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We have a history of
operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We have experienced net losses in each period since
inception. We generated net (loss) income of $(2.6) million, $(10.8) million, $0.5 million and $(13.4) million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018 and the six months ended June 30, 2018 and 2019, respectively. As of June 30,
2019, we had an accumulated deficit of $120.3 million. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods, we are not certain whether or when we will obtain a high enough volume of sales to sustain or increase our growth or
achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future results of operations if our revenue does not increase. In particular, we intend to
continue to expend significant funds to further develop our platform, including by introducing new products and functionality, and to expand our inside and field sales teams and customer success team to drive new customer adoption, expand use cases
and integrations, and support international expansion. We will also face increased compliance costs associated with growth, the expansion of our customer base, and being a public company. Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we
expect, or the rate of our growth in revenue may be slower than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset our increased operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons,
including the other risks described herein, and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications or delays, and other unknown events. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the value of our business and Class A common stock may
significantly decrease. We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. We were founded in June 2010. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of
operations is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our
revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including slowing demand for our products, increasing competition, changes to technology, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason,
to continue to take advantage of growth opportunities. We have also encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties
described in this prospectus. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ
materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. Our business depends on our existing customers purchasing additional subscriptions
and products from us and renewing their subscriptions. Any decline in our dollar-based net retention rate would harm our future operating results. Our future success depends in part on our ability to sell additional subscriptions and products to our existing customers, and our customers
renewing their subscriptions when the contract term expires. The terms of our 15 Table of Contents subscription agreements are primarily monthly or annual, with some quarterly, semi-annual and multi-year. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our products after the
expiration of their subscription period. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our customers renew or expand their subscriptions with us. We cannot accurately predict our dollar-based net retention
rate given the diversity of our customer base, in terms of size, industry and geography. Our dollar-based net retention rate may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including business strength or weakness of our customers,
customer usage, customer satisfaction with our products and platform capabilities and customer support, our prices, the capabilities and prices of competing products, mergers and acquisitions affecting our customer base, consolidation of
affiliates’ multiple paid business accounts into a single paid business account, the effects of global economic conditions, or reductions in our customers’ spending on IT solutions or their spending levels generally. These factors may also
be exacerbated if, consistent with our growth strategy, our customer base continues to grow to encompass larger enterprises, which may also require more sophisticated and costly sales efforts. If our customers do not purchase additional
subscriptions and products from us or our customers fail to renew their subscriptions, our revenue may decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed. If we are unable to attract new customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. To increase our revenue, we must continue to attract new customers. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption
of our platform and products as an alternative 