An investment in our common stock or any other type of equity or debt securities that we may offer (together, our “Securities”) is speculative in nature and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Registration Statement on Form S-1, as well as the risks, uncertainties, and other information set forth in any reports and other materials we may file or furnish with the SEC before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the price of our Securities could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Existing Operating Revenue Stream Future revenue from sales of our dermatology products may be lower than expected or lower than in previous periods. The vast majority of our operating income for the foreseeable future is expected to come from the sale of our dermatology products. Any setback that may occur with respect to such products could significantly impair our operating results and/or reduce our revenue and the value of our Securities. Setbacks for such products could include, but are not limited to, issues related to: supply chain, shipping; distribution; demand; manufacturing; product safety; product quality; marketing; government regulation, including but not limited to pricing or reimbursement; licensing and approval; intellectual property rights; competition with existing or new products, including third-party generic competition; product acceptance by physicians, other licensed medical professionals, and patients; and higher than expected total rebates, returns or recalls. Also, the majority of our sales derive from products that are without patent protection and/or are or may become subject to third-party generic competition, the introduction of new competitor products, or increased market share of existing competitor products, any of which could have a significant adverse effect on our operating income. We face challenges as our products face generic competition and/or losses of exclusivity. Our products do and may compete with well-established products, both branded and generic, with similar or the same indications. We face increased competition from manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products, who may submit applications to FDA seeking to market generic versions of our products. In connection with these applications, the generic drug companies may seek to challenge the validity and enforceability of our patents through litigation. When patents covering certain of our products (if applicable) expire or are successfully challenged through litigation or in USPTO proceedings, if a generic company launches a competing product “at risk,” or when the regulatory or licensed exclusivity for our products (if applicable) expires or is otherwise lost, we may face generic competition as a result. The majority of our sales derive from products that are without patent protection and/or are or may become subject to third-party generic competition, the introduction of new competitor products, or an increase in market share of existing competitor products, any of which could have a significant adverse impact on our operating income. Two of our marketed products, Qbrexza and Ximino, as well as DFD-29, currently have patent protection. Three of our marketed products, Accutane, Targadox, and Exelderm, do not have patent protection or otherwise are not eligible for patent protection. Accutane currently competes in the Isotretinoin market with five other AB rated products. Targadox will likely face additional AB rated generic entrants over the next six months. Exelderm may face AB rated generic competition in the future. Generic versions are generally significantly less expensive than branded versions, and, where available, may be required to be utilized before or in preference to the branded version under third-party reimbursement programs, or substituted by pharmacies. Accordingly, when a branded product loses its market exclusivity, it normally faces intense price competition from generic forms of the product. To successfully compete for business with managed care and pharmacy benefits management organizations, we must often demonstrate that our products offer not only medical benefits, but also cost advantages as compared with other forms of care. 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS Any disruptions to the capabilities, composition, size or existence of our field sales force may have a significant adverse impact on our existing revenue stream. Further, our ability to effectively market and sell any future products that we may develop will depend our ability to establish and maintain sales and marketing capabilities or to enter into agreements with third parties to market, distribute and sell any such products. Our field sales force has been and is expected to continue to be an important contributor to our commercial success. Any disruptions to our relationship with such field sales force or the professional employer organization that employs our field sales force, could materially adversely affect our product sales. We currently rely, and may continue to rely, on professional employer organizations and staffing organizations for the employment of our field sales force. See “Business — Employees and Human Capital Management.” The establishment, development, and/or expansion of a field sales force, either by us or certain of our partners or vendors, or the establishment of a contract field sales force to market any products for which we may have or receive marketing approval is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any such product launch or compromise the successful commercialization of such products. If we are unable to establish and maintain sales and marketing capabilities or any other non-technical capabilities necessary to commercialize any products that may be successfully developed, we will need to contract with third parties to market and sell such products. We may not be able to establish or maintain arrangements with third parties on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Our current and potential future product candidates may not receive regulatory approval, or such approval may be delayed, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, even if a product receives regulatory approval, such product will remain subject to substantial regulatory scrutiny. Our current and potential future product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States, the European Medicines Agency (the “EMA”), and similar regulatory authorities outside the United States. Our failure to obtain marketing approval for any current or future product candidates will prevent us from commercializing the product candidates. Further, any products or future products candidates we license or acquire will be subject to ongoing requirements and review by such regulatory authorities. We have only limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third parties to assist us in this process. To secure marketing approval, we will be required to establish a product candidate’s safety and efficacy by submitting extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information for each therapeutic indication. We will further be required to submit information about the product manufacturing and to undergo regulatory inspection of our third-party manufacturing facilities to ensure ongoing compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) requirements. Any of our current or future product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. If our current or future product candidates receive(s) marketing approval, the accompanying label may limit the approved use of our drug in this way, which could limit sales of the product. The marketing approval process, both in the United States and abroad, is time consuming and expensive. Approval may take many years, if it is granted at all and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Our product candidates could be delayed in receiving, or fail to receive, regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our development strategy; we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a drug candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication or is suitable to identify appropriate patient populations; the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate’s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks. Changes to marketing approval policies or the regulatory landscape during the development period may cause rejection of or delays in the approval of an application. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approva