” section. The stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company’s securities. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in very substantial costs, divert our management’s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Investors in this offering will experience immediate and substantial dilution of $ per share. Based on an assumed initial public offering price of $   per share (the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover of this prospectus), purchasers of our Class A common stock in this offering will experience an immediate and substantial dilution of $   per share in the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of Class A common stock from the initial public offering price, and our adjusted pro forma net tangible book value as of September 30, 2020 after giving effect to this offering would have been $   per share. This dilution is due in large part to earlier investors having paid less than the initial public offering price when they purchased their shares. See “Dilution” in this prospectus for additional information. Mr. Zalupski will have the ability to direct the voting of a majority of the voting power of our common stock, and his interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders. Upon consummation of this offering, our common stock will consist of two classes: Class A and Class B. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to three votes per share. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to our stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable law or our certificate of incorporation. Upon completion of this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock and after the transactions described herein under “Corporate Reorganization”), Mr. Zalupski, our founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors, will own, through personal holdings and an entity that he controls, 100% of our Class B common stock (representing   % of the total combined voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock). 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS As a result, Mr. Zalupski will be able to control matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors, changes to our organizational documents and significant corporate transactions, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership makes it unlikely that any holder or group of holders of our Class A common stock will be able to affect the way we are managed or the direction of our business. The interests of Mr. Zalupski with respect to matters potentially or actually involving or affecting us, such as future acquisitions, financings and other corporate opportunities and attempts to acquire us, may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. Mr. Zalupski would have to approve any potential acquisition of us. The existence of significant stockholders may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in our best interests. Mr. Zalupski’s concentration of stock ownership may also adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock to the extent investors perceive a disadvantage in owning stock of a company with significant stockholders. Certain of our directors have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, entities that may compete with us in seeking acquisitions and business opportunities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in pursuing business opportunities. Certain of our directors hold positions of responsibility with other entities whose businesses are involved in certain aspects of the real estate industry, including in DF Capital, with which we partner for certain land banking opportunities. These directors may become aware of business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us, as well as to the other entities with which they are or may become affiliated. Due to these existing and potential future affiliations, they may present potential business opportunities to other entities prior to presenting them to us, which could cause additional conflicts of interest. They may also decide that certain opportunities are more appropriate for other entities with which they are affiliated, and, as a result, they may elect not to present those opportunities to us. These conflicts of interest may not be resolved in our favor. For additional discussion of our directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest of which our stockholders should be aware, see “Management” and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholders’ ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our Class A common stock appreciates. We do not plan to declare cash dividends on shares of our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment in us will be if you sell your 46 TABLE OF CONTENTS Class A common stock at a price greater than you paid for it. There is no guarantee that the price of our Class A common stock that will prevail in the market will ever exceed the price that you pay in this offering. Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could reduce the price that our Class A common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market after this offering, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and may make it more difficult for you to sell your Class A common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. Upon completion of this offering, we will have     shares of Class A common stock outstanding and    shares of Class B common stock outstanding, assuming no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock. All of the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares held by our affiliates as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act (“Rule 144”). We are offering   shares of our Class A common stock as described in this prospectus (excluding the underwriters’ option to purchase up to   additional shares of our Class A common stock). Upon the completion of this offering, the members of our management team and other officers and employees will be granted an aggregate of   equity awards (based upon the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this pros