This offering and an investment in our common stock involve a high degree
of risk. Before you invest in our common stock, you should be aware of various
risks, including those described below. You should carefully consider these risk
factors, together with all of the other information included in this prospectus,
before you decide whether to purchase our common stock. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face.

       If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially harmed. In such an event, the
trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of
your investment.

                         RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

INTENSE COMPETITION IN THE SPORTING GOODS INDUSTRY COULD LIMIT OUR GROWTH AND
REDUCE OUR PROFITABILITY.

       The market for sporting goods retailers is highly fragmented and
intensely competitive. Our current and prospective competitors include many
large companies that have substantially greater market presence, name
recognition, and financial, marketing and other resources than us. We compete
directly or indirectly with the following categories of companies:

       - large format sporting goods stores, such as The Sports Authority,
         Galyan's Trading Company and Gart Sports Company;

       - traditional sporting goods stores and chains, such as Big 5 Sporting
         Goods and Hibbett Sporting Goods;

       - specialty sporting goods shops and pro shops, such as The Athlete's
         Foot, Champs, Finish Line, Foot Locker, REI, Bass Pro Shops, Gander
         Mountain, Golfsmith, Edwin Watts Golf and Golf Galaxy;

       - mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, discount stores and department
         stores, such as Wal-Mart, Target, Kmart, Kohls and Sears; and

       - catalog and Internet-based retailers, such as L.L. Bean, Eddie Bauer,
         Land's End, Cabela's, ShopSports.com and web sites operated by GSI
         Commerce Solutions, Inc.

       Pressure from our competitors could require us to reduce our prices or
increase our spending for advertising and promotion. Increased competition in
markets in which we have stores or the adoption by competitors of innovative
store formats, aggressive pricing strategies and retail sale methods, such as
the Internet, could cause us to lose market share and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

LACK OF AVAILABLE RETAIL STORE SITES ON TERMS ACCEPTABLE TO US, RISING REAL
ESTATE PRICES AND OTHER COSTS AND RISKS RELATING TO NEW STORE OPENINGS COULD
SEVERELY LIMIT OUR GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES.

       Our strategy includes opening stores in new and existing markets. We must
successfully choose store sites, execute favorable real estate transactions on
terms that are acceptable to us, hire competent personnel and effectively open
and operate these new stores. Our plans to increase the number of our retail
stores will depend in part on the availability of existing retail stores or
store sites. We cannot assure you that stores or sites will be available to us
for purchase or lease, or that they will be available on terms acceptable to us.
If additional retail store sites are unavailable on acceptable terms, we may not
be able to carry out a significant part of our growth strategy. Rising real
estate costs and acquisition, construction and development costs could also
inhibit our ability to grow. If we fail to locate desirable sites, obtain lease
rights to these sites on terms acceptable to us, hire adequate personnel and
open and effectively operate these new stores, our financial performance could
be adversely affected.

       In addition, our expansion in new and existing markets may present
competitive, distribution and merchandising challenges that differ from our
current challenges, including competition among our stores,
                                        8 diminished novelty of our store design and concept, added strain on our
distribution center, additional information to be processed by our management
information systems and diversion of management attention from operations, such
as the control of inventory levels in our existing stores, to the opening of new
stores and markets. New stores in new markets, where we are less familiar with
the target customer and less well-known, may face different or additional risks
and increased costs compared to stores operated in existing markets, or new
stores in existing markets. Expansion into new markets could also bring us into
direct competition with retailers with whom we have no past experience as direct
competitors. To the extent that we become increasingly reliant on entry into new
markets in order to grow, we may face additional risks and our net income could
suffer. To the extent that we are not able to meet these new challenges, our
sales could decrease and our operating costs could increase.

       There also can be no assurance that our new stores will generate sales
levels necessary to achieve store-level profitability or profitability
comparable to that of existing stores. New stores also may face greater
competition and have lower anticipated sales volumes relative to previously
opened stores during their comparable years of operation. We may not be able to
advertise cost-effectively in new or smaller markets in which we have less store
density, which could slow sales growth at such stores. We also cannot guarantee
that we will be able to obtain and distribute adequate product supplies to our
stores or maintain adequate warehousing and distribution capability at
acceptable costs.

       The rate of our expansion will also depend on the availability of
adequate capital, which in turn will depend in large part on cash flow generated
by our business and the availability of equity and debt capital. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to obtain equity or debt capital on acceptable
terms or at all. Our current revolving credit facility contains provisions which
restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, to raise capital through
the issuance of equity or make substantial asset sales which might otherwise be
used to finance our expansion. Our obligations under the revolving credit
facility are secured by interests in substantially all of our personal property
excluding store and distribution center equipment and fixtures, which may
further limit our access to certain capital markets or lending sources.
Moreover, the actual availability under our credit facility is limited to the
lesser of 70% of our eligible inventory or 85% of our inventory's liquidation
value, in each case net of specified reserves and less any letters of credit
outstanding, and opportunities for increased cash flows from reduced inventories
would be partially offset by reduced availability through our revolving credit
facility. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to finance our
current plans for the opening of new retail stores.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO PREDICT OR REACT TO CHANGES IN CONSUMER DEMAND, WE MAY LOSE
CUSTOMERS AND OUR SALES MAY DECLINE.

       Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond in a
timely manner to changing consumer demand and preferences regarding sporting
goods. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers whose preferences
cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to change. We often make
commitments to purchase products from our vendors several months in advance of
the proposed delivery. If we misjudge the market for our merchandise our sales
may decline significantly. We may overstock unpopular products and be forced to
take significant inventory markdowns or miss opportunities for other products,
both of which could have a negative impact on our profitability. Conversely,
shortages of items that prove popular could reduce our net sales. In addition, a
major shift in consumer demand away from sporting goods or sport apparel could
also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS AND OUR INSURANCE MAY NOT BE
SUFFICIENT TO COVER DAMAGES RELATED TO THOSE CLAIMS.

       We may be subject to lawsuits resulting from injuries associated with the
use of sporting goods equipment that we sell. In addition, although we do not
sell hand guns, assault weapons or automatic firearms, we do sell hunting rifles
which are products that are associated with an increased risk of injury and
related lawsuits. We may incur losses due to lawsuits relating to our
performance of background checks on hunting rifle purchasers as mandated by
state and federal law or the improper use of hunting rifles sold by us,
including lawsuits by municipalities or other organizations attempting to
recover costs from hunting rifle manufacturers and
                                        9 retailers relating to the misuse of hunting rifles. In addition, in the future
there may be increased federal, state or local regulation, including taxation,
of the sale of hunting rifles in our current markets as well as future markets
in which we may operate. Commencement of these lawsuits against us or the
establishment of new regulations could reduce our sales and decrease our
profitability. There is a risk that claims or liabilities will exceed our
insurance coverage. In addition, we may be unable to retain adequate liability
insurance in the future. Although we have entered into product liability
indemnity agreements with many of our vendors, we cannot assure you that we will
be able to collect payments sufficient to offset product liability losses. In
addition, we are subject to regulation by the Consumer Product Safety Commission
and similar state regulatory agencies. If we fail to comply with government and
industry safety standards, we may be subject to claims, lawsuits,