You should
carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial. The trading price of our Class A common stock could decline due to any of these risks and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing the risks described below, you should also refer to
the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before deciding to purchase any shares of our Class A common stock. Our business and prospects depend on the strength of our brand, and if we do not maintain
and strengthen our brand, our business will be materially harmed. Maintaining and strengthening the “Dolby” brand is critical to maintaining and expanding both our products and services business and our technology licensing business because our continued success is due, in part, to our
reputation for providing high quality products, services and technologies across a wide range of entertainment industries, which we define to include the consumer electronics product industry. If we fail to promote and maintain the Dolby brand
successfully on either the professional products and production services or the licensing sides of our business, our overall business and prospects will suffer. Moreover, we believe that the likelihood that our technologies will be adopted as an
industry standard in various markets and for various applications depends, in part, upon the strength of our brand, because professional organizations and industry participants are more likely to accept as an industry standard technologies developed
by a well-respected and well-known brand. In addition, if we fail to maintain high quality standards for our professional products, and if we fail to maintain high quality standards for the products that incorporate our technologies through the
quality-control certification process that we require of our licensees, our brand could be adversely affected. Furthermore, we believe that our ability to enter new markets as we expand our business beyond sound technologies is dependent, in part,
upon the strength of our brand and our reputation as a trusted provider of entertainment technologies for use in both professional and consumer products. Maintaining and strengthening our brand will depend heavily on our ability to continue to
develop innovative technologies for the entertainment industry and to continue to provide high quality products and services, which we may not do successfully. We are dependent on the sale by our licensees of consumer electronics products that incorporate our technologies, and a reduction in those sales would adversely
affect our licensing revenue. We derive most of our
revenue from the license of our technologies to consumer electronics product manufacturers. We derived 66%, 73% and 73% of our total revenue from our technology licensing business in fiscal 2002, 2003 and 2004, respectively. We do not manufacture
consumer electronics products ourselves. Our licensing revenue from these manufacturers results primarily from royalties paid to us on shipments of their consumer electronic products, such as DVD players, DVD recorders, home theatre systems, video
game consoles, personal audio and video players and in-car entertainment systems that incorporate our licensed technologies. We cannot control these manufacturers’ product development or commercialization efforts or predict their success. In
addition, our license agreements, which typically require manufacturers of consumer electronics product and software developers to pay us a specified royalty for every consumer electronics product shipped that incorporates our technologies, do not
require these manufacturers to include our technologies in any specific number or percentage of units, and only a few of these agreements guarantee us a minimum aggregate licensing fee. Moreover, we have a widespread presence in certain markets for
consumer electronics products, such as the markets for DVD players, audio/video receivers and other home theatre consumer electronics products, and, as a result, there is little room for us to further penetrate such markets. Accordingly, if our
licensees sell fewer products incorporating our technologies, or otherwise face significant economic difficulties, our revenue will decline. Lower sales of products incorporating our technologies could occur for a number of reasons. Changes in
consumer tastes or trends, or changes in industry standards, may adversely affect our licensing revenue. Demand for new consumer electronics products could also be adversely affected by increasing market saturation, durability of products in the
marketplace, new competing products and alternate consumer entertainment options. In addition, our licensees, for whatever reason, may not choose to or may not be able to incorporate our future technologies into their products. 8 Table of Contents We do not expect sales of DVD players to continue to grow as quickly as they have in the past. To the extent that
sales of DVD players and home theatre systems level off or decline, or alternative technologies in which we do not participate replace DVDs as a dominant medium for consumer video entertainment, our licensing revenue will be adversely affected. Growth in our revenue over the past several years has been
the result, in large part, of the rapid growth in sales of DVD players and home theatre systems incorporating our technologies. However, as the markets for DVD players mature, we do not expect sales of DVD players to continue to grow as quickly as
they have in the past. To the extent that sales of DVD players and home theatre systems level off or decline, our licensing revenue will be adversely affected. In addition, if new technologies are developed for use with DVDs or new technologies are
developed that substantially compete with or replace DVDs as a dominant medium for consumer video entertainment, and if we are unable to develop and successfully market technologies that are incorporated into or compatible with such new
technologies, our revenue will be adversely affected. If we fail to develop
and deliver innovative technologies in response to changes in the entertainment industry, our business could decline. The markets for our professional products and the markets for consumer electronics products utilizing our licensed technologies are characterized by rapid
change and technological evolution. We will need to expend considerable resources on research and development in the future in order to continue to design and deliver enduring, innovative entertainment products and technologies. Despite our efforts,
we may not be able to develop and effectively market new products, technologies and services that adequately or competitively address the needs of the changing marketplace. In addition, we may not correctly identify new or changing market trends at
an early enough stage to capitalize on market opportunities. At times such changes can be dramatic, such as the shift from VHS tapes to DVDs for consumer playback of movies in homes and elsewhere. Our future success depends to a great extent on our
ability to develop and deliver innovative technologies that are widely adopted in response to changes in the entertainment industry and that are compatible with the technologies or products introduced by other entertainment industry participants. If our products and technologies fail to be adopted as industry standards,
our business prospects could be limited and our operating results could be adversely affected. The entertainment industry depends upon industry standards to ensure the compatibility of its content across a wide variety of entertainment systems and
products. Accordingly, we expend significant efforts to ensure that our products and technologies either meet, or, more importantly, are adopted as, industry standards across the broad range of entertainment industry markets in which we participate,
as well as the markets in which we hope to compete in the future, including digital cinema. It is important to our business and prospects that we continue to develop products and technologies that have the necessary capabilities and are of
sufficient quality and acceptable cost such that the entertainment industry adopts them as industry standards. It is also important that those of our technologies that have already been adopted as industry standards continue to have that status. To
have our products and technologies adopted as industry standards, we must convince a broad spectrum of professional organizations throughout the world to adopt them as such and to ensure that other industry standards are consistent with our products
and technologies. In this regard, maintaining our long-standing relationships with our major customers and licensees is critical to our ability to have our technologies adopted as industry standards. If our technologies are not adopted or do not
remain as industry standards, our business, operating results and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. We expect that meeting, maintaining and establishing industry standard technologies will continue to be critical to our business
in the future. For example, we expect that the development of the market for digital cinema will be based upon industry standards. In addition, the market for broadcast technologies has traditionally been heavily based upon industry standards and we
expect this to continue to be the case in the future. In the broadcast industry, governments or other regulatory bodies often set industry standards. If our technologies are not chosen as industry standards for broadcasting in a geographic area,
this could adversely affect our ability to compete in the