for stroke include advanced age, hypertension (high blood pressure), previous stroke or transient ischemic attack (“TIA”), diabetes, high cholesterol, cigarette smoking and atrial fibrillation. According to the World Health Organization, each year approximately 15 million people worldwide suffer a stroke, of which 5.5 million will die and 5.0 million will be permanently disabled. According to the CDC: ● Every year in the United States, approximately 795,000 people experience a new or recurrent stroke each year (ischemic or hemorrhagic). Approximately 610,000 of these are first events and 185,000 are recurrent stroke events. ● Stroke caused approximately one of every 20 deaths in the United States. On average, someone in the United States has a stroke every 40 seconds, and someone dies from a stroke every four minutes. ● Stroke costs the United States $34 billion annually, including the cost of health care services, medications and lost productivity. At the site of a blood flow blockage in the brain, there exist two major ischemic zones - the core ischemic zone with nearly complete loss of blood flow, and the surrounding ischemic penumbra having partially reduced blood flow. Within minutes, the significant lack of blood flow in the core ( i.e. glucose and oxygen deprivation) rapidly depletes energy stores and triggers the loss of ion gradients, ultimately leading to neuronal cell death. The ischemic penumbra zone, however, may remain viable for several hours via collateral arteries that branch from the main occluded artery in the core zone. Unfortunately, the penumbra is at great risk of delayed tissue damage due to inflammation and cell death, or apoptosis. As time goes on, a lack of blood flow in the ischemic zone (infarct) leads to fluid buildup (edema) and swelling which creates intracranial pressure. This pressure on the brain leads to tissue compression resulting in additional ischemia. Additional events in AIS include vascular damage to the blood vessel lining or endothelium, loss of structural integrity of brain tissue and blood vessels, and inflammation. A stroke can lead to permanent damage with memory loss, speech problems, reading and comprehension difficulties, physical disabilities, and emotional/behavioral problems. The long-term costs of stroke are substantial, with many patients requiring extended hospitalization, extended physical therapy or rehabilitation, and/or long-term institutional or family care. However, provided the extended window of viability in the penumbra, next generation stroke therapies are being developed to protect valuable brain tissue during the hours to a week after a stroke. Acute Ischemic Stroke Treatment Options We believe that stroke represents an area of significant unmet medical need, and a KLK1 treatment (such as DM199) could provide a treatment option and a significant patient benefit with its proposed therapeutic window of up to 24 hours after the first sign of symptoms. Currently, the only pharmacological intervention for AIS is the use of tissue plasminogen activator (“tPA”), which must be given within 4.5 hours of symptom onset. Mechanical thrombectomy, in which the clot is removed using catheter-based tools, is also available to some patients. Despite the availability of these treatments, many patients are not eligible due to the location of the clot, the elapsed time after the stroke occurred, or safety considerations. Thus, we believe DM199 offers significant advantages over the current treatment options and fills an unmet need for patients who cannot receive tPA. Additionally, DM199 may also offer a complimentary follow-on treatment for patients who initially receive tPA or mechanical thrombectomy treatments. Based on the number of strokes each year (approximately 1.7 million in the U.S., Europe and Japan and 15 million worldwide) and the $8,500 estimated cost per patient for the current standard of care, tPA, we believe the annual market opportunity for DM199 could be significant. 62 DM199 Acute Ischemic Stroke: Proposed Mechanism KLK1 in China (marketed under the brand name Kailikang ® ) is widely used for the treatment of AIS, making therapy available to hundreds of thousands of patients who currently have no options. Kailikang ® is a human urine-extracted KLKl protein. We believe that the proprietary DM199 protein could result in an improved efficacy with optimized pharmacokinetics (drug level exposure) and avoid the side effects of risk of endotoxins, impurities and antibody formation in comparison to Kailikang ® that is isolated from human urine. We also believe that DM199 addresses potential supply constraints that makes Kailikang ® difficult and expensive to produce given the limited source of human urine. We believe these factors make the recombinant protein DM199 a product candidate that is better positioned for regulatory approval worldwide than a urine-derived protein since we believe it can meet the rigorous required manufacturing standards. Chronic Kidney Disease CKD is characterized by a progressive decline in overall kidney function as measured by glomerular filtration rate (“GFR”) (a test used to check how well the kidneys are filtering excess fluid and waste products out of your blood), and albuminuria (the amount of albumin protein excreted in your urine). When GFR gets too low, patients develop end stage renal disease (“ESRD”) and require dialysis or a kidney transplant to survive. Among multiple underlying causes, CKD often begins with an increase in blood glucose, which leads to the thickening of the glomerular membrane, known as fibrosis. As the kidney function becomes impaired, GFR decreases and abnormal amounts of protein are released into the urine collecting tubules of the kidney through damaged capillary pores. Additionally, increased blood glucose leads to increased blood pressure, reactive oxygen species, advanced glycation end product formation (harmful compounds that are formed when protein or fat combine with sugar in the bloodstream) and inflammation. As this continues, structural components of the kidney (the nephron) begin to collapse, resulting in cell ischemia and cell death. As the renal damage continues, a progressive thickening of the basement membrane is seen along with continued pathological changes in the cell and inflammation. Early stages of CKD are characterized as microalbuminuria (small amounts of protein leak into the urine). Late stages are characterized as macroalbuminuria (large amount of protein in the urine). The rate of decline depends on the type of diabetes, genetic predisposition, glycemic controls, and blood pressure. At the final stages of CKD, the kidneys fail completely and dialysis or a kidney transplant is needed. 63 CKD is a widespread health problem that generates significant economic burden throughout the world, including: ● 30 million Americans and 120 million Chinese suffer from this debilitating and potentially life-threatening condition according to the National Kidney Foundation. ● The primary causes of CKD are diabetes (Type 2 and Type 1) and hypertension. The Medical Clinics of North America estimates that over 40% of those with Type 2 diabetes and 20% of those with Type 1 diabetes will eventually develop CKD, making it one of the more common risks for diabetics. ● Patients with CKD are at greater risk for hypertension and heart disease. Currently, there is no cure for CKD and treatment involves management of the disease. Blood pressure medications, such as angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors (“ACEi”) or angiotensin receptor blockers (“ARB”), are often prescribed to control hypertension, and hopefully, slow the progression of CKD. Nevertheless, according to the National Kidney Foundation, many patients continue to show declining kidney function, with the overall population having a lifetime risk of 3.6% of developing ESRD, where dialysis or a kidney transplant are needed. We believe DM199 offers a potentially novel approach for the treatment CKD since KLK1 protein plays a vital role in normal kidney function, and BK and BK receptors are critical for kidney health and integrity. Since patients with moderate to severe CKD often excrete abnormally low levels of KLK1 in their urine, we believe that DM199 may prevent or reduce further kidney damage by replenishing endogenous KLK1 and restoring the protective BK system. Potential Treatments with DM199 Acute Ischemic Stroke We believe treatment of AIS with DM199 could have both immediate and long-term benefits for patients that could significantly improve outcomes following AIS. Immediate actions include activation of the KKS to release nitric oxide and improve microcirculation in ischemic tissue along with improvements in the balance between blood flow and brain activity (neurovascular coupling). Long-term (days following the stroke) actions include the restoration of the blood brain barrier through increases in T regulatory cells (“T-regs” – a subpopulation of T cells that modulate the immune system and prevent autoimmune disease) and inhibition of apoptotic cell death. In China, a human urine-extracted KLKl protein (Kailikang ® ) is approved and marketed by Techpool Bio-Pharma Inc., a company controlled by Shanghai Pharmaceuticals Holding Co. Ltd. We believe Kailikang ® has been approved for the treatment of AIS in China with a treatment window of up to 48 hours post-stroke. Based on IQVIA data, other publications and internal estimates, we believe over 500,000 stroke patients have been treated with Kailikang ® for acute ischemic stroke in Asia. More than 50 published clinical studies, covering over 4,000 stroke patients, have demonstrated a beneficial effect of Kailikang ® treatment in AIS. According to a publication in the China Journal of Neurology , in a double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial of 446 patients treated with either KLK1 or a placebo administered up to 48 hours after a stroke showed significantly better scores on 