Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other
information in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes and the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this prospectus, before
deciding whether to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our
common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business, Financial Condition and Capital Requirements We are in the early stages of clinical drug development and have a very limited operating history and no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it
difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. We are an early clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company with a limited operating history, focused on developing therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or ALS. We commenced operations in May 2015,
have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue. Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We have only recently begun a Phase 1 clinical trial for our most
advanced product candidate, DNL201, which is in our LRRK2 core program, and have not initiated clinical trials for any of our other current product candidates. To date, we have not initiated or completed a pivotal clinical trial, obtained marketing
approval for any product candidates, manufactured a commercial scale product, or arranged for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conducted sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Our short operating
history as a company makes any assessment of our future success and viability subject to significant uncertainty. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly evolving fields,
and we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties. If we do not address these risks and difficulties successfully, our business will suffer. We have incurred significant net losses in each period since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We have incurred net losses in each reporting period since our inception, including net losses of $86.7 million and $16.8 million for the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $65.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2017. As of September 30, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of $168.8 million. We have invested significant financial resources in research and development activities, including for our preclinical and clinical product candidates
and our blood-brain barrier, or BBB, platform technology. We do not expect to generate revenue from product sales for several years, if at all. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the level of our future expenditures and our
ability to generate revenue. Moreover, our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasingly higher operating losses for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our
expenses will increase substantially if and as we: • continue our research and discovery activities; 12 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • continue the development of our BBB platform technology; • progress our current and any future product candidates through preclinical and clinical development; • initiate and conduct additional preclinical, clinical or other studies for our product candidates; • work with our contract manufacturers to scale up the manufacturing processes for our product candidates or, in the future, establish and operate a manufacturing facility; • change or add additional contract manufacturers or suppliers; • seek regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for our product candidates; • establish sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we obtain approval; • acquire or in-license product candidates, intellectual property and technologies; • make milestone, royalty or other payments due under any license or collaboration agreements; • obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio, including intellectual property obtained through license agreements; • attract, hire and retain qualified personnel; • provide additional internal infrastructure to support our continued research and development operations and any planned commercialization efforts in the future; • experience any delays or encounter other issues related to our operations; • meet the requirements and demands of being a public company; and • defend against any product liability claims or other lawsuits related to our products. Our prior losses
and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and working capital. In any particular quarter or quarters, our operating results could be below the expectations of securities analysts
or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. Drug development is a highly uncertain undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We
have never generated any revenue from product sales, and we may never generate revenue or be profitable. We have no products approved for
commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. We do not anticipate generating any revenue from product sales until after we have successfully completed clinical development and received regulatory approval for the commercial
sale of a product candidate, if ever. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on many factors, including: • successfully completing research and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates; • obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing authorizations for product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical development and clinical trials; • developing a sustainable and scalable manufacturing process for our product candidates, including those that utilize our
BBB platform technology, as well as establishing and 13 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements maintaining commercially viable supply relationships with third parties that can provide adequate products and services to support clinical activities and commercial demand of our product
candidates; • identifying, assessing, acquiring and/or developing new product candidates; • negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter; • launching and successfully commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval, either by collaborating with a partner or, if launched independently, by establishing a sales,
marketing and distribution infrastructure; • obtaining and maintaining an adequate price for our product candidates, both in the United States and in foreign countries where our products are commercialized; • obtaining adequate reimbursement for our product candidates from payors; • obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as viable treatment options; • addressing any competing technological and market developments; • maintaining, protecting, expanding and enforcing our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; and • attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties
associated with drug development, we are unable to predict the timing or amount of our expenses, or when we will be able to generate any meaningful revenue or achieve or maintain profitability, if ever. In addition, our expenses could increase
beyond our current expectations if we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, or foreign regulatory agencies, to perform studies in addition to those that we currently anticipate, or if there are any delays in any of our or
our future collaborators’ clinical trials or the development of any of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with
commercializing any approved product candidate and ongoing compliance efforts. Even if we are able to generate revenue from the sale of any
approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. Revenue from the sale of any product candidate for which regulatory approval is obtained will be dependent, in part, upon the size of
the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval, the accepted price for the product, the ability to get reimbursement at any price and whether we own the commercial rights for that territory. If the number of addressable
patients is not as significant as we anticipate, the indication approved by regulatory authorities is narrower than we expect, or the reasonably accepted population for treatment is narrowed by competition, physician choice or treatment guidelines,
we may not generate significant revenue from sales of such products, even if approved. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may n