” in this prospectus. Summary of Risk Factors An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled “Risk
Factors,” alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Such risks include, but are not limited to: ● Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination,
and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business
combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. ● If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and management
team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote, and we may not
need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to approve an
initial business combination. ● Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be
limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. ● The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive
to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. ● The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our
shares and the amount of deferred underwriting compensation may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure, and may substantially dilute your investment in us. ● If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our
initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. ● You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. ● If the net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the
trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the duration of the completion window, it could limit the amount available
to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from
our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 47 ● Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect
our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. ● If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute
burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business
combination. ● Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business
combination, may be materially adversely affected by the status of debt and equity markets. ● Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will
receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination in order to provide
anti-dilution protection to our initial shareholders. ● Our sponsor will control the appointment of our board of directors until consummation of our initial business
combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, it will appoint all of our directors prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner
that you do not support. ● Transactions in connection with or in anticipation of our initial business combination and our structure
thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations
may be more complex, burdensome and/or uncertain. ● We may reincorporate in or transfer by way of continuation to another jurisdiction which may result in taxes
imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. ● Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest
in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability
to complete our initial business combination. ● You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances.
Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. ● Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability
to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. ● The nominal purchase price paid by our sponsor for the founder shares may result in significant dilution
to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of our initial business combination. ● An investment in this offering may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. ● We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to
evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. ● Past performance by our management team, our advisors and their respective affiliates, including investments
and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future
performance of an investment in the company. ● We may be a passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse United
States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. ● If our initial business combination involves a company organized under the laws of the United States (or
any subdivision thereof), a U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with any redemptions of our Class A ordinary
shares after or in connection with such initial business combination. ● Changes in international trade policies, tariffs and treaties affecting imports and exports may have a material
adverse effect on our search for an initial business combination target or the performance or business prospects of a post-business combination
company. The other risks and uncertainties
discussed in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. 48 Risk Factors An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation
of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate
in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support
such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder
vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law
or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business
combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the
vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our ordinary shares
do not approve of the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled “ Proposed Business — Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination — Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination ”
for additional information. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial
business combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote, and we may not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in
favor of an initial business combination in order to approve an initial business combination. Our initial shareholders will
own 25% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of this offering (assuming our initial shareholders
do not purchase any units in this offering). Our initial shareholders and
management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and
restated me