—Risks Related to Intellectual Property”. Other IP Rights In addition to patents, we rely upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological
innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, by executing
confidentiality agreements with our collaborators and scientific advisors, and non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality, and invention
assignment agreements with our employees and consultants. We have also executed agreements requiring assignment of inventions with selected scientific advisors and collaborators. The confidentiality agreements we enter into are designed to protect
our proprietary information and the agreements or clauses requiring assignment of inventions to us are designed to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through our relationship with the respective counterparty. We cannot guarantee,
however, that we have executed such agreements with all applicable counterparties, such agreements will not be breached, or that these agreements will afford us adequate protection of our intellectual property and proprietary rights. For more
information, see the section entitled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property”. 148 Table of Contents Trademarks We have filed and obtained trademark protection for the MAGENTA THERAPEUTICS character mark and service mark logo for pharmaceutical research and development
services and biochemical research and development services. We have also filed for trademark protection for the #THECOLOROFCURE character mark for promoting public awareness of medical disorders and their treatment, promoting public awareness of
bone marrow diseases, cancer, tumors, infectious diseases, autoimmune diseases and related diseases and disorders, providing a website featuring medical information, and providing medical information. We plan to register trademarks in connection
with our future products. Government Regulation Government authorities in the U.S. at the federal, state and local level and in other countries regulate, among other things, the research, development,
testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug and biological products, such as MGTA-456, MGTA-145 and any future product candidates. Generally, before a new drug or biologic can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a
format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. U.S. drug development In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations and biologics under the FDCA,
the Public Health Service Act, or PHSA, and their implementing regulations. Both drugs and biologics also are subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent
compliance with appropriate federal, state, and local statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development
process, approval process or post-market may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a
clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product recalls or market withdrawals, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement and civil
or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. MGTA-456, MGTA-145 and any future product candidates must be approved by the FDA through either a New Drug
Application, or NDA, or a Biologics License Application, or BLA, process before they may be legally marketed in the U.S. The process generally involves the following: • completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies
conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice, or GLP, requirements; • submission to the FDA of an application for an investigational new drug, or IND, application, which must become
effective before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an institutional review board, or IRB, or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site
before each trial may be initiated; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations,
good clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; • submission to the FDA of an NDA or BLA; 149 Table of Contents • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA or BLA to accept the filing for review; • satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the
manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug or biologic will be produced to assess compliance with current good manufacturing processes, or cGMP, requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the
drug or biologic’s identity, strength, quality and purity; • potential FDA audit of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA or BLA; and • FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee,
prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug or biologic in the U.S. The preclinical and clinical testing and approval process
requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for MGTA-456, MGTA-145 and any future product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. Preclinical studies and IND Preclinical
studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess safety and, in some cases, to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is
subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the
preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical trials, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the
FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity, may continue after
the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time, the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In
such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. Clinical trials The clinical stage of development
involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control, in accordance with GCP
requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the
clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as
part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized
and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed.
There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 150 Table of Contents A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the U.S. may, but often need not, obtain FDA
authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of an NDA or BLA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and
well-conducted foreign clinical study not conducted under an IND if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Clinical trials are generally conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3, and may overlap. • Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who
are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clini