An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with
other information set forth in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition, prospects, results of operations and cash flow could be materially
and adversely affected. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or a part of your investment. The risks discussed below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks or uncertainties not currently
known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects, results of operations or cash flows. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk
factors below will not occur. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics, including the global COVID-19 outbreak, have disrupted and may
continue to disrupt, our business, and could materially affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Health epidemics or pandemics can adversely affect consumer spending and confidence levels and supply availability and costs in the markets in
which we and our franchisees operate all of which can affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, referred to as 2019-ncov, COVID-19 coronavirus epidemic, or COVID-19, was identified. COVID-19 has since spread globally, including the United States where
we have our executive offices and principal operations. The global pandemic resulting from the outbreak of COVID-19 has disrupted global health, economic and market conditions, consumer behavior and food
service operations. Governmental authorities, nationally and internationally, have recommended social distancing and have imposed
quarantine, shelter-in-place, curfew and similar isolation measures, including government orders and other restrictions on the conduct of business operations in an
effort to slow the spread of COVID-19. While certain regions have begun re-opening, our shops and other facilities in some of such regions may be subject to modified
hours and operations and/or reduced traffic even without government imposed restrictions. In addition, we face risks related to resurgences of COVID-19, including the emergence of new variant strains of COVID-19, in regions that have reopened, which have and may in the future necessitate renewed government restrictions. If any of our employees or the employees of our franchisees were to contract COVID-19 or other
illnesses, our operations could be significantly disrupted, since this could require us or our franchisees to quarantine some or all such employees or close and disinfect our impacted facilities. While we have enacted protections, including the
installation of “sneeze” guards, a glove and mask policy, and conversion of aisles to “one-way” traffic, we may nonetheless be subject to COVID-19 outbreaks in our shops and Doughnut Factories. If a significant percentage of our workforce or the workforce of our business partners are unable to work, including because of illness or government restrictions in connection with pandemics or disease
outbreaks, our operations may be negatively impacted, potentially materially adversely affecting our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Operations in our and our franchisees’ shops have been and, at least in the short term, are expected to continue to be disrupted to
varying degrees. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our and our franchisees’ businesses globally. In the United States, we temporarily closed the lobbies of our shops in March 2020 and shifted to
drive-thru, “to-go” and delivery. We also experienced delays in opening new shops, including our New York City flagship Hot Light Theater Shop. With a prioritization on health and safety of our
Krispy Kremers and Insomniac team members and customers, we were able to re-open shops under modified operations to meet public health guidelines and evolving customer behaviors and expectations. As of
January 3, 2021, all of our shops in the United States and Canada are fully open. 28 Table of Contents Internationally, government-mandated lock-down periods significantly impacted our
company-owned businesses in the United Kingdom and Australia. In the United Kingdom, 21 shops remain closed due to COVID-19 restrictions as of January 3, 2021, and a total of nine shops and a
manufacturing facility have been permanently closed since March 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of January 3, 2021, 75 shops representing 6.7% of our total shops internationally were closed
due to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions. In addition, our business is affected by consumer
preferences and perceptions. The risk of contracting viruses has and could continue to cause employees or guests to avoid gathering in public places, which has had, and could further have, adverse effects on ours and our franchisees’ guest
traffic and the ability to adequately staff shop locations. Even if a virus or other disease does not spread significantly within a specific area, the perceived risk of infection or health risk in such area may adversely affect our business,
liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Many consumer behaviors have changed during the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of mandates or orders from federal, state and local authorities, and concerns about the transmission of COVID-19, including less time spent
commuting or outside the home, leading to fewer shop visits and more food and beverage prepared and consumed at home, or by delivery. These changes in behavior may continue following global vaccine distribution, the lifting of such mandates or
orders and the resumption of more normal economic and operating conditions, possibly beyond the end of the pandemic. These changes have and could continue to negatively impact ours and our franchisees’ sales and customer traffic, which has and
could continue to materially and adversely impact our business, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we
believe that our and our franchisees’ sales, customer traffic, and profitability are strongly correlated to consumer discretionary spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, and the availability of
discretionary income all of which has been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. In general, the food service industry’s sales are dependent upon discretionary spending by
consumers, and reductions in sales at our and our franchisees’ shops would adversely impact our profitability. The length of time it
may take for global vaccine distribution and more normal economic and operating conditions to resume remains uncertain and the economic recovery period could continue for a prolonged period even after the health risks of the pandemic subside. We
expect that certain operational changes made during the pandemic, particularly with respect to enhanced health and safety measures in franchised shops, will remain in place for an extended period (and some of these changes may be permanent changes)
and could increase our and our franchisees’ costs. The COVID-19 pandemic may also have the
effect of heightening other risks disclosed in this prospectus, including, but not limited to, those related to our ability to service our debt obligations, supply chain interruptions and/or commodity price increases, and the financial condition of
our franchisees. Changes in consumer preferences and demographic trends could negatively impact our business. Food service businesses are often affected by changes in consumer tastes, national, regional and local economic conditions, discretionary
spending priorities, demographic trends, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing brands. For instance, if prevailing health or dietary preferences cause consumers to avoid indulgences such as doughnuts or cookies in favor of
foods that are perceived as healthier, our sales would suffer. In addition, the food service industry continues to be under heightened legal and legislative scrutiny related to menu labeling resulting from the perception that the practices of food
service companies have contributed to nutritional, caloric intake, obesity, or other health concerns of their guests. For example, if we are unable to adapt to changes in consumer preferences and trends, or if regulatory changes are implemented that
impact any of our markets, our operating results could be negatively impacted. 29 Table of Contents Maintaining, extending and expanding our reputation and brand image are essential to our business
success. Our success depends on our ability to maintain our brand image, extend our products to new channels, expand our brand
image with new product offerings and deliver consistent high-quality, delicious products to our customers. While we seek to maintain,
extend, and expand our brand image through marketing investments, including advertising and consumer promotions, the majority of our marketing initiatives rely on a social-media focused approach to create positive impacts on both our brand value and
reputation. Our success in maintaining, extending, and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online dissemination of advertising campaigns. Social
and digital media increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us, our brands or our products on social or digital media, whether or not valid, could seriously damage
our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain, e