—Risks Related to Our Intellectual
Property.” As of January 31, 2021, we own ten pending U.S. patent applications, six pending European patent applications and one pending
Patent Cooperation Treaty application, which, if issued (or in case of provisional applications, if issued from future non-provisional applications that we file), are expected to expire between 2039 and 2042, not including any patent term
adjustments and extensions that may be available. In addition, we acquired an exclusive license from WARF under one issued U.S. patent, two pending U.S. patent applications, one pending European patent application, one pending Canadian patent
application and one pending Patent Cooperation Treaty application, with the issued patent expected to expire in 2039 and the other patents, if issued, are expected to expire between 2037 and 2039, not including any patent term adjustments and
extensions that may be available. These patents cover our proprietary GeneTAC Platform technology that is used in our FA program, DM1 program and other therapeutic programs directed to genetic diseases that are further discussed below. For our FA program, as of January 31, 2021, we own or hold an exclusive, worldwide license from WARF. In particular, we have licensed from WARF an
issued U.S. patent, a pending U.S. patent application, and two pending patent applications in Europe and Canada directed to compounds and methods for modulating frataxin expression. The U.S. patent and any patents issued from these pending patent
applications are projected to expire on or around March 29, 2037, not including any patent term adjustments and extensions. We also license from WARF a pending Patent Cooperation Treaty application directed to methods and compounds for treatment of
FA. Any patents that eventually issue from this patent application are projected to expire on or around October 22, 2039. Additionally, we own four pending U.S. patent applications, and a pending patent application in Europe directed to compositions
of matter and methods for the treatment of FA. Any patents that eventually issue from these patent applications are projected to expire in the 2039-2042 timeframe. For our DM1 program, as of January 31, 2021, two of our pending U.S. patent applications and one pending patent application in Europe are directed to
compositions of matter and methods for the 123 Table of Contents treatment of DM1. Any patents issuing from patent applications in these families are projected to expire in the 2039-2041 timeframe, not including any patent term adjustments and extensions that
may be available. As of January 31, 2021, four of our pending U.S. patent applications, four of our pending patent applications in Europe and one
of our pending Patent Cooperation Treaty application are directed to our therapeutic programs related to other genetic diseases (including, but not limited to, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, Fragile X and Spinocerebellar Ataxia). These therapeutic
programs utilize our GeneTAC Platform technology and any patents that issue from these patent applications are projected to expire in the 2039-2041 timeframe not including any patent term adjustments or extensions. We also license from WARF a
pending U.S. patent application that, if issued, is projected to expire on or around March 29, 2038, not including any patent term adjustments or extensions. These patent applications cover compositions of matter and methods of treating the related
genetic diseases under our therapeutic programs, including the use of transcription modulator molecules that contain a DNA-binding moiety capable of specifically binding to certain nucleotide repeat sequences that are implicated in the applicable
genetic disease. In addition to patent protection, we rely on trade secret protection, trademark protection and know-how to expand our proprietary position around our chemistry, technology and other
discoveries and inventions that we consider important to our business. We are a party to the WARF License Agreement, described in more detail above, under which we are granted intellectual property rights to know-how that are important to our business. As of January 31, 2021, six of our pending U.S. patent
applications and six of our pending patent applications in Europe are directed to our GeneTAC Platform. Any patents that are expected to issue from these patent applications are projected to expire in 2039, not including any patent term adjustments
and extensions that may be available. We also seek to protect our intellectual property by having confidentiality terms in our agreements with
companies with whom we share proprietary and confidential information in the course of business discussions, and by having confidentiality terms in our agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors, clinical investigators and other
contractors and also by requiring our employees, commercial contractors, and certain consultants and investigators, to enter into invention assignment agreements that grant us ownership of any discoveries or inventions made by them while in our
employ. Government Regulation and Product Approval As
a pharmaceutical company that operates in the United States, we are subject to extensive regulation. Government authorities in the United States (at the federal, state and local level) and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things,
the research, development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of drug
products such as those we are developing. Product candidates that we develop must be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), before they may be legally marketed in the United States and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before
they may be legally marketed in foreign countries. Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the United States, although there can be important differences.
Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in Europe are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. U.S. Drug Development Process In the United States,
the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), and implementing regulations. A new drug must be approved by the FDA through the new 124 Table of Contents drug application (NDA) process before it may be legally marketed in the United States. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining
regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S.
requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include, among other actions, refusal to approve pending
applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government
contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally
involves the following: • completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, preclinical animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with
applicable regulations, including the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) regulations and other applicable regulations; • submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an independent institutional review board (IRB) at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable regulations, including the
FDA’s good clinical practice (GCP) regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its proposed indication; • submission to the FDA of an NDA after completion of all pivotal trials; • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the NDA for review; • satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing
facility or facilities where the drug is produced to assess compliance with the FDA’s cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug’s identity, strength, quality and purity; • potential FDA audit of the preclinical and/or clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA to assess
compliance with GCP regulations; • satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; and • FDA review and approval of the NDA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States. Before testing any compounds with potential therapeutic value in humans, the product candidate enters the preclinical testing
stage. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies, to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply
with federal regulations and requirements including GLP requirements. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed
clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IN