” section. We have completed several acquisitions in the past and may consummate additional acquisitions in the future, which may be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, expose us to unanticipated liabilities, dilute stockholder value or divert management attention. We have completed several strategic acquisitions, including of Meetrics in August 2021, Ad-Juster, Inc. in October 2019, Zentrick NV in February 2019 and Leiki, Ltd. in December 2018. In addition, we recently signed an agreement in November 2021 to acquire OpenSlate, which is expected to close before the end of the year. As part of our growth strategy, we regularly evaluate and may consummate additional acquisitions in the future to enhance our technology platform, expand our product offerings, broaden our geographic footprint, or for other strategic reasons. We also may evaluate and enter into discussions regarding an array of potential strategic investments, including acquiring complementary products or technologies. Our recent acquisitions and any future acquisitions or investments may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties integrating the business, technologies, products, personnel or operations of an acquired company, and we may have difficulty retaining the customers or employees of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership. An acquisition may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing growth and development of our business. Moreover, we cannot assure you that the anticipated 18 Table of Contents benefits of an acquisition or investment would be realized in a timely manner, if at all, or that we would not be exposed to unknown costs and liabilities. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, any of which could harm our business and financial performance, including: ● the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies; ● the potential disruption of our business; ● the inability of our management to maximize our financial and strategic position by the successful incorporation of acquired technology into our platform; ● unanticipated liabilities associated with an acquisition, including (i) technology, intellectual property and infringement issues, (ii) employment, retirement or severance related claims, (iii) claims by or amounts owed to customers or suppliers, (iv) adverse tax consequences and (v) other legal disputes; ● difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, with respect to accounting matters and otherwise; ● the potential loss of key personnel of acquired companies; ● the impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of changes in management and operational structure; ● increased indebtedness to finance the acquisition; ● entrance into new geographic markets that subjects us to different laws and regulations that may have an adverse impact on our business; and ● the diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to addressing acquisition integration challenges. Failure to appropriately mitigate these risks or other issues related to such acquisitions and strategic investments could result in reducing or completely eliminating any anticipated benefits of transactions, and harm our business generally. Future acquisitions could also result in the incurrence or assumption of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will continue to acquire businesses at attractive valuations or that we will complete future acquisitions at all. We are subject to payment-related risks, and if our ability to accurately and timely collect payments is impaired, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have a large and diverse customer and integration partner base. At any given time, one or more of our customers or partners may experience financial difficulty, file for bankruptcy protection or cease operations. Unfavorable economic and financial conditions could result in an increase in customer or partner financial difficulties which could adversely affect us. The direct impact on us could include reduced revenues and write-offs of accounts receivable and expenditures billable to customers, and if these effects were severe enough, the indirect impact could include impairments of intangible assets and reduced liquidity. Furthermore, the payment risks we face are heightened since (i) our programmatic and certain other partners collect payments from all of our advertiser customers utilizing their platform and remit to us such amounts on behalf of these advertiser customers and (ii) media agencies pay us on behalf of multiple customers who utilize them, each of whom are subject to independent billing and payment risks as well. Although no customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in 2020, two programmatic partner platforms collected approximately 12% each of our total revenue in 2020 on behalf of our advertiser customers using their platforms. In addition, each of our customers and integration partners may have different payment methods and cycles. The timing of receipt of payment from our customers and integration partners may impact our cash flows and working capital. Defects, errors or inaccuracies associated with our solutions could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The technology underlying our platform may contain material defects or errors. If  the data analytics  we deliver to our customers are inaccurate or perceived to be inaccurate, due to defects or errors in our technology, our business may be harmed. Any inaccuracy 19 Table of Contents or perceived inaccuracy in the solutions we provide could lead to consequences that adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, including: ● loss of customers; ● the incurrence of substantial costs to correct any material defect or error; ● potential litigation; ● interruptions in the availability of our platform; ● diversion of development resources; ● loss of MRC or other industry accreditation; ● lost sales or delayed market acceptance of our solutions; and ● damage to our brand. We often have long sales cycles, which can result in significant time between initial contact with a prospect and execution of a contractual agreement, making it difficult to project when, if at all, we will generate revenue from new customers. Our sales cycle, from initial contact to contract execution and implementation, is often long and time consuming. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our software platform. Some of our customers undertake an evaluation process that involves reviewing the offerings of our competitors in addition to our platform. As a result, it is difficult to predict when a prospective customer will decide to execute an agreement and begin generating revenue for us. Even if our sales efforts result in obtaining a new customer, under our usage-based pricing model for most of our solutions, the customer controls when and to what extent it uses our platform. As a result, we may not be able to add customers or generate revenue as quickly as we may expect, which could adversely affect, or limit, the predictability of, our growth. We depend on our senior management team and other key personnel to manage our business effectively, and if we are unable to retain such key personnel or hire additional qualified personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed. Our company is led by a strong management team that has extensive experience leading technology and digital marketing companies. Our success and future growth depend to a significant degree on the leadership, knowledge, skills and continued services of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss of any of these persons could adversely affect our business. Our future success also depends on our ability to retain, attract and motivate highly skilled technical, managerial, marketing and customer service personnel. We have doubled the size of our work force since 2017 to more than 750 employees and expect to continue to grow in the near term. We may incur significant costs to attract and retain qualified employees, including significant expenditures related to salaries and benefits and compensation expenses related to equity awards. New employees often require significant training and we may lose new or existing employees to our competitors or other companies before we realize the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. Competition for personnel is intense, particularly in the technology and software industries. A substantial majority of our employees work for us on an at-will basis, and we may experience a loss of productivity due to the departure of key personnel and the associated loss of institutional knowledge. Our inability to retain and attract the necessary personnel could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our international expansion has led to an increasing number of employees based in countries outside of North America. With 320 employees based outside North America as of November 1, 2021, we are exposed to a number of additional country-specific risks. See “We are exposed to the risks of operating internationally.” Data privacy legislation and regulation on digital advertising and privacy and data protection may adversely affect our business. There are a growing number of data privacy and protection laws and regulations in the digital advertising industry that apply to our business. We have dedicated, and expect to 