: An investment in our securities involves substantial
    risk. You should read carefully the “Risk Factors” section on page 8 of this prospectus, and under similar
    headings in the other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently
    known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business and operations. Nasdaq symbol for Common Stock: “WISA” (1) Shares of our common stock that
    will be outstanding after this offering is based on 4,921,515 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 10, 2024, but excludes
    the following as of such date: (i) 9,793,531 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding common stock purchase
    warrants, (ii) 14 restricted stock units (“RSUs”) that have been issued but have not vested and (iii) up to
    an aggregate of 2,813 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of all outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
    Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Series B Preferred Stock”) (which shares of Series B Preferred Stock assume
    the exercise of all 1,750 Series B Preferred Stock purchase warrants). 7 RISK FACTORS An investment in the securities offered under this prospectus involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information contained in this prospectus and in the documents
that we incorporate by reference herein before you decide to invest in our securities. In particular, you should carefully consider and
evaluate the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated
by reference herein. Investors are further advised that the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks
that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, may also negatively impact our business operations or financial
results. Any of the risks and uncertainties set forth in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein, as updated
by annual, quarterly and other reports and documents that we file with the SEC and incorporate by reference into this prospectus, could
materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely
affect the value of our securities. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition We will need financing in the longer term
to support our ongoing operations. If we do not raise sufficient capital when such financing is needed, we may be forced to cease operations,
liquidate our assets and possibly seek bankruptcy protection or engage in a similar process. While
we believe that current cash on hand, prior to the receipt of any proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants, is sufficient to fund our
immediate operational needs, we will need financing in the longer term to support our ongoing operations . There can be no assurance
that we will be able to secure any needed funding, or that if such funding is available, the terms or conditions would be acceptable
to us. If we are unable to obtain such additional financing, we will be required to divest all or a portion of our business or otherwise
liquidate, wind-up, restructure or curtail our operations and product development timeline. We
may seek additional capital through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings and/or strategic collaborations. Debt financing,
if obtained, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring
additional debt, and could increase our expenses and require that our assets secure such debt. Equity financing, if obtained, could result
in dilution to our then-existing stockholders and/or require such stockholders to waive certain rights and preferences. If such financing
is not available on satisfactory terms, or is not available at all, our ability to accelerate product development will be hindered, our
business and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected, and you may lose all or part of your investment. We have incurred losses since inception. We have incurred net losses since inception and had an accumulated
deficit of approximately $244.3 million as of March 31, 2024. If we are unsuccessful in implementing any initiatives to improve
our revenues to achieve profitability, it will have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, operating results and financial
condition. There can be no assurance that the revenue that we generate will be able to support our operations or meet our working capital
needs. Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report
contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm has included in
its report for the year ended December 31, 2023 an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent
upon, other factors, our ability to raise additional capital through sales of our securities, including this offering, and incurrence
of debt. Additionally, future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of revenue growth, the selling price
of our products, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the timing and extent of spending on research and development efforts
and the continuing market acceptance of our products. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. There is no assurance that additional financing will be available at terms acceptable to us or at all. If we cannot continue
as a viable entity, this could materially adversely affect the value of the shares of common stock. 8 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We depend upon the timely delivery of products from our vendors
and purchases from our partners and customers. We depend on manufacturers and component customers to deliver and
purchase hardware and consumer electronics in quantities sufficient to meet customer demand. In addition, we depend on these manufacturers
and customers to introduce new and innovative products and components to drive industry sales. During the fourth quarter of 2022 and
on occasion during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, we experienced sales declines indirectly through disruption in the supply
chain for several of our industry partners or customers whose own supply chains have been disrupted based on a variety of macroeconomic
events that may or may not be related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which have resulted in delays throughout the consumer electronics industry.
Any material delay in the introduction or delivery, or limited allocations of products or offerings could result in reduced sales by
us, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. Any reduction in allocation of components or new hardware platforms
or other technological advances by vendors or our customers (in which our technology is part of their hardware offering) to third parties
such as big box retailers, could also have a material adverse impact on our financial results. A small number of customers represent a significant percentage
of our revenue, so any loss of key customers could have a material adverse effect on our business. A small number of our customers represent
a significant percentage of our revenue. Although we may have agreements with these customers, these agreements typically do not require
any minimum purchases and do not prohibit customers from using competing technologies or customers from purchasing products and services
from competitors. Because many of our markets are rapidly evolving, customer demand for our technologies and products can shift quickly. As of
March 31, 2024, the Company had three customers accounting for 58%, 16% and 10% of accounts receivable. As of December 31,
2023, the Company had two customers accounting for 71% and 20% of accounts receivable. The Company had three customers
accounting for 35%, 29% and 21% of its net revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2024. The Company had four customers
accounting for 25%, 19%, 14% and 13% of its net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023. A loss of any of our key customers could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. We are reliant on module manufacturers to produce the modules
which we then sell to our customers and any change in their management or business could have a negative effect on our operations. Our revenue from the sale of modules to consumer electronics and speaker
companies depends in large part upon the availability of our modules that implement our technologies. Our manufacturers incorporate our
technologies into these modules, which are then incorporated in consumer entertainment products. We do not manufacture these modules,
but rather depend on manufacturers to produce the modules which we then sell to our customers. We do not control the manufacturers. While
we have a longstanding relationship with our manufacturers, there can be no assurance that our manufacturers will continue to timely
produce our modules. Change in management of our manufacturers or a change in their operations could negatively affect our production
and cause us to seek other manufacturers which we may not be able to obtain on the same or similar terms as our current manufacturers.
This could have a negative effect on our operations. We currently rely on semiconductor manufacturers to manufacture
our semiconductors, and our failure to manage our relationship with our semiconductor manufactur