See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 13 and the other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our common stock. Proposed Nasdaq symbol “VIRI” The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on      shares of our common stock outstanding as of      , after giving effect to the Corporate Conversion, and excludes      shares of our common stock that are available for future issuance under our 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. Unless otherwise indicated, this prospectus reflects and assumes the following: • the completion of the Corporate Conversion as a result of which all outstanding membership interest of Virios Therapeutics, LLC will be converted into an aggregate of      shares of common stock of Virios Therapeutics, Inc.; and ​ • no exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option or the warrants to purchase      shares of our common stock at an exercise price per share equal to 125% of the initial public offering price per share or $ , that will be issued to the representative of the underwriters in connection with this offering (the “Representative’s Warrants”). ​ ​ 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA You should read the following summary financial data together with our financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end of this prospectus and the “Selected Financial Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of this prospectus. We have derived the statement of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 from our audited financial statements appearing at the end of this prospectus. We have derived the statement of operations data for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 and the balance sheet data as of June 30, 2020 from our unaudited interim financial statements appearing at the end of this prospectus. The unaudited interim financial statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited financial statements and reflect, in the opinion of management, all adjustments of a normal, recurring nature that are necessary for a fair presentation of the unaudited interim financial statements. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of results that should be expected in any future period, and our results for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results that should be expected for any full year. ​ ​ ​ Year Ended December 31, ​ ​ Six Months Ended June 30, ​ (in thousands, except per share data) ​ ​ 2019 ​ ​ 2018 ​ ​ 2020 ​ ​ 2019 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (Unaudited) ​ Statement of Operations Data: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Operating expenses: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Research and development ​ ​ ​ $ 836 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 854 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 88 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 164 ​ ​ General and administrative ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,342 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,107 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 833 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 712 ​ ​ Total operating expenses ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,178 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,961 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 921 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 876 ​ ​ Loss from operations ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,178 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1,961 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (921 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (876 ) ​ ​ Other income (expense) ​ ​ ​ ​ (295 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (152 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (200 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (147 ) ​ ​ Net loss ​ ​ ​ $ (2,473 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ (2,113 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ (1,121 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ $ (1,023 ) ​ ​ Pro forma net loss per common share – basic and diluted (unaudited) ﻿(1) ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Pro forma weighted average common shares outstanding – basic and diluted (unaudited) ﻿(1) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1) We have presented pro forma basic and diluted net loss per share which consists of our historical net loss attributable to Virios Therapeutics, LLC, divided by the pro forma basic and diluted weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding after giving effect to the Corporate Conversion. See Note             to our financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for additional information regarding the method used to calculate the pro forma basic and diluted net loss per common share and the pro forma weighted average number of shares used in the computation of the per share amounts. ​ ​ 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ ​ As of June 30, 2020 ​ (in thousands) ​ ​ Actual ​ ​ Pro Forma (1) ​ ​ Pro Forma As Adjusted (2) ​ ​ ​ ​ (Unaudited) ​ ​ (Unaudited) ​ ​ (Unaudited) ​ Balance Sheet Data: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Cash ​ ​ ​ $ 1,048 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Working capital ​ ​ ​ ​ (637 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Total assets ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,273 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Convertible promissory notes, net of unamortized deferred issuance costs ​ ​ ​ ​ 5,486 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Preferred members’ interests, non-voting, net ​ ​ ​ ​ 75 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Equity (deficit) ​ ​ ​ ​ (6,139 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (1) Reflects the Corporate Conversion. ​ (2) Reflects the effect of our issuance and sale of             shares of our common stock in this offering at an initial public offering price of $       share, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us and the issuance of             shares of our common stock upon conversion of the             principal amount of our convertible promissory notes plus accrued interest as of            , the expected closing date of this offering, into shares of our common stock at a             discount to the public offering price. ​ ​ 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this prospectus before making an investment in our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected if any of these risks occurs, and as a result, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital We have incurred losses since inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We are not currently profitable, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability. We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history and have incurred losses since our formation. We incurred net losses of $2,473,627 and $2,113,592 for each of the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, and $1,121,138 and $1,023,219 for the six month periods ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of June 30, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $18,739,848. We have not commercialized any products and have never generated revenue from the commercialization of any product. To date, we have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical and clinical work, and to intellectual property. We expect to incur significant additional operating losses for the next several years, at least, as we advance IMC-1 and any other candidates through clinical development, complete clinical trials, seek regulatory approval and commercialize the drug or any other candidates, if approved. The costs of advancing candidates into each clinical phase tend to increase substantially over the duration of the clinical development process. Therefore, the total costs to advance any of our candidates to marketing approval in even a single jurisdiction will be substantial. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to begin generating revenue from the commercialization of any products or achieve or maintain profitability. Our expenses will also increase substantially if and as we: • commence our Phase 2b trial, or conduct clinical trials for any other indications or other candidates; ​ • establish sales, marketing, distribution, and compliance infrastructures to commercialize our drug, if approved, and for any other candidates for which we may obtain marketing approval; ​ • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; ​ • hire additional clinical, scientific and commercial personnel; ​ • add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our development and planned future commercialization efforts, as well as to support our transition to a public reporting company; and ​ • acquire or in-license or invent other candidates or technologies. ​ Furthermore, our ability to successfully develop, commercialize and license any candidates and generate product revenue is subject to substantial additional risks and uncertainties, as described under “— Risks Related to Development, Clinical Testing, Manufacturing and Regulatory Approval” and “— Risks Related to Commercialization.” As a result, we expect to continue to incur net losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. These net losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and working capital. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenues. If we are unable to develop and commercialize one or more product candidates, either alone or through collaborations, or if revenues from any product that receives marketing approval are insufficient, we will not achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain profitability or meet outside expectations for our profitability. If we are unable to achieve or sustain profitability or to meet outside expectations for our profitability, the value of our common stock will be materially and adversely affected. Even if this offering is successful, we will require additional capital to fund our operations, and if we fa