—Risks Related to
Our Business—Operational risks are inherent in our businesses,” “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Regulations—Our business is highly regulated, which could limit or restrict our activities and impose financial requirements or
limitations on the conduct of our business,” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Regulations—We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and
failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions.” Properties At March 31, 2020, we conducted our banking business through our main office and 89 branch offices located in eastern Massachusetts and
southern New Hampshire. In addition, Eastern Bank occupies two administrative/operational offices, in Lynn and Brockton, Massachusetts. Eastern Insurance Group LLC operates through 22 non-branch offices in
eastern Massachusetts, one office in Keene, New Hampshire, and one office in Providence, Rhode Island. At March 31, 2020, we leased 103 of our offices, and the total net book value of our land, buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment was
$41.8 million. 116 Table of Contents SUPERVISION AND REGULATION We are subject to the extensive regulatory framework applicable to bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. This framework is intended
primarily for the protection of depositors, the FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund and the banking system as a whole, and generally is not intended for the protection of stockholders or other investors. Described below are the material elements of
selected laws and regulations applicable to us and our subsidiaries. These descriptions are not intended to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the statutes and regulations described. Changes in
applicable law or regulation, and in their interpretation and application by regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities, cannot be predicted, but may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. General Eastern Bank is a
Massachusetts-chartered non-member bank. Eastern Bank’s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, which we refer to as the FDIC. Eastern Bank is subject to
extensive regulation by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, as its chartering authority, and by the FDIC, as its primary federal regulator. Eastern Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the
Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial
institutions. Eastern Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston. Eastern Bank is subject to federal and state regulation
and supervision that establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an insured state-chartered bank can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and borrowers and, for purposes of the FDIC, the protection of
the insurance fund. The regulatory structure also gives both federal and state regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to
the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. As a bank holding company
following the conversion, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. will be required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board. It will be required to file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and will be subject to examination
by and the enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve Board. Eastern Bankshares, Inc. will also be subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Any change in applicable laws or regulations, whether by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board, the
General Court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (the Massachusetts state legislature) or the United States Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank. In
addition, Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank will be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve Board. In view of changing conditions in the national economy
and in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of such changes on the business or financial condition of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. and Eastern Bank. Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are or will be applicable to Eastern Bank and Eastern
Bankshares, Inc. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Eastern Bank and Eastern
Bankshares, Inc. Massachusetts Banking Laws and Supervision Eastern Bank, as a Massachusetts-chartered bank, is regulated and supervised by the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. The Massachusetts
Commissioner of Banks is required to regularly examine each state-chartered bank. The approval of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks is required to establish or close branches, to merge with another bank,
to issue stock and to undertake many other activities. Any Massachusetts bank that does not operate in accordance with the regulations, policies and directives of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks may be sanctioned. The Massachusetts
Commissioner of Banks may suspend or remove directors or officers of a Massachusetts-chartered bank who have violated the law, conducted a bank’s business in a manner that is unsafe, unsound or contrary
to the depositors’ interests, or been 117 Table of Contents negligent in the performance of their duties. In addition, the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks has the authority to appoint a receiver or conservator if it is determined that the bank is
conducting its business in an unsafe or unauthorized manner, and under certain other circumstances. The powers that
Massachusetts-chartered banks can exercise under these laws include, but are not limited to, the following. Lending Activities. A Massachusetts-chartered bank may make a wide variety of mortgage loans including fixed-rate loans, adjustable-rate loans, variable-rate loans, participation loans, graduated payment loans, construction and development loans, condominium
and co-operative loans, second mortgage loans and other types of loans that may be made in accordance with applicable regulations. Commercial loans may be made to corporations and other commercial enterprises
with or without security. Consumer and personal loans may also be made with or without security. Insurance Sales. Massachusetts-chartered banks may engage in insurance sales activities if the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks has approved a plan of operation for insurance activities and the bank obtains a license from the Massachusetts Division of
Insurance. Massachusetts-chartered banks may be licensed directly or indirectly through an affiliate or a subsidiary corporation established for this purpose. Eastern Bank has received approval for insurance sales activities, and offers a variety of
personal and business insurance products and services through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Eastern Insurance Group LLC, a licensed insurance agency. Eastern Insurance Group LLC has also obtained all licenses required by various state insurance
regulatory authorities in other states that license, regulate and supervise insurance producers, brokers and agents. Investment
Activities. In general and subject to constraints under federal law, Massachusetts-chartered banks may invest in preferred and common stock of any corporation organized under the laws of the United States or any state provided such
investments do not involve control of any corporation and do not, in the aggregate, exceed 4.0% of the bank’s deposits and have separate authority to invest up to 15% of the bank’s assets in stock listed on a national stock exchange in the
United States. Massachusetts-chartered banks may additionally invest an amount equal to 1.0% of their deposits in stocks of Massachusetts corporations or companies with substantial employment in the Commonwealth which have pledged to the
Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks that such monies will be used for further development within the Commonwealth. At the present time, Eastern Bank has the authority under state law to invest in equity securities. However, such investment authority
is constrained by federal law. See the subsection titled “—Federal Bank Regulation—Investment Activities” for such federal restrictions. Dividends. Massachusetts-chartered banks may declare from net profits cash dividends not more frequently than quarterly and non-cash dividends at any time. No dividends may be declared, credited or paid if the bank’s capital stock is impaired. Massachusetts-chartered banks with outstanding preferred stock may not, without the prior
approval of the Commissioner of Banks, declare dividends to the common stock without also declaring dividends to the preferred stock. The approval of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks is required if the total of all dividends declared in any
calendar year exceeds the total of its net profits for that year combined with its retained net profits of the preceding two years, less any required transfer to surplus or a fund for the retirement of any preferred stock. Net profits for this
purpose means the remainder of all earnin