Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” on page 3 of this prospectus to read about factors that you should consider carefully before buying our securities. Trading Market and Ticker Symbol Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “EBS.” There is no established public trading market for the Warrants, and we do not expect a market to develop. We do not intend to apply for
listing of the Warrants on any securities exchange or other nationally recognized trading system. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the Warrants will be limited. Except as otherwise indicated herein, the number of shares of Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after
this offering is based on 54,059,371 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2024. The number of shares of Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering excludes: • 4,984,214 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of September 30,
2024 at a weighted average exercise price of $7.79 per share; • 1,237,127 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to unvested restricted stock units outstanding as of
September 30, 2024 at a weighted average grant price of $11.76; • 200,760 shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to unvested performance stock units outstanding as of
September 30, 2024 at a weighted average grant price of $13.20; • 6,420,267 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Emergent BioSolutions Inc. Amended and Restated
Stock Incentive Plan as of September 30, 2024; • 4,000,000 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Emergent BioSolutions Inc. Inducement Plan as of
September 30, 2024; and • 1,609,227 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Emergent BioSolutions Inc. Amended Employee
Stock Purchase Plan as of September 30, 2024. 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves significant risks. Before making an investment in our securities, you should carefully read all of
the information contained in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein. For a discussion of risks that you should carefully consider before deciding to purchase any of our securities, please review the risk factors
disclosed below, together with the other information in this prospectus and the information and documents incorporated by reference herein, including the risk factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of our most recent Annual Report
on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Any of these risks, as
well as additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, resulting in a decline in the trading price of our Common Stock
and loss of all or part of your investment. Risks Related to this Offering Our stock price is volatile, and purchasers of our securities could incur substantial losses. The price of our Common Stock price has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. The market price of our Common Stock could fluctuate
significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions or negative announcements
by our customers, competitors or suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and political instability. From January 1, 2023 through the date of this prospectus, our Common Stock has
traded as high as $16.66 per share and as low as $1.42 per share. The market price of our Common Stock may be influenced by many factors, including, among others: • contracts, decisions and procurement policies by the USG, and the addition or loss of any other customer,
affecting our anthrax vaccines and our other products and product candidates; • CDMO contracts with collaboration partners; • the success of competitive products or technologies; • results of clinical and non-clinical trials of our product candidates; • announcements of acquisitions, financings or other transactions by us; • current or future litigation or legal proceedings or government investigations; • regulator or public concern as to the safety of our products; • termination or delay of a development program; • the recruitment or departure of key personnel; • variations in our product revenue and profitability; and • the other risk factors described herein and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. Future sales of Common Stock or other securities convertible into Common Stock, or the perception that such sales or issuances
could occur, could cause the market value of Common Stock to decline and could result in dilution of your shares. Our board of
directors is authorized, without stockholder approval, to cause us to issue additional shares of Common Stock or to raise capital through the issuance of preferred shares or the sale of debt securities that are convertible into Common Stock,
options, warrants and other rights, on terms and for consideration as our board of directors in its sole discretion may determine. We also require substantial additional funding to be able to continue as a going concern and we may seek to achieve
such funding through future sales of Common Stock or other securities convertible into Common Stock. Sales of substantial amounts of Common Stock or the issuance of preferred shares, convertible debt, options, restricted stock units, performance
stock units, warrants and other rights, or the perception that such sales or issuances could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decrease significantly. 3 Table of Contents As of September 30, 2024, we had 54,059,371 shares of Common Stock outstanding. We cannot predict the
effect, if any, of future sales of Common Stock, preferred shares, convertible debt securities, options, restricted stock units, performance stock units, warrants or other rights or the availability of our Common Stock for future sales on the value
of our Common Stock. 4 Table of Contents