Trust units are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation, although many of
the business risks to which the Trust is subject are similar to those that would be faced by a
corporation engaged in a similar business. Before you invest in trust units, you should carefully
consider the risk factors described below. You should also consider all of the other information
included in this prospectus and the other documents incorporated herein by reference in evaluating
an investment in the common units. If any of the risks discussed in the foregoing documents were actually to occur, the trust’s
financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In
that case, the trust’s ability to make distributions to its trust unitholders may be reduced, the
trading price of the trust units could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Drilling and completion of the PUD Wells are high risk activities with many uncertainties that
could delay ECA’s anticipated drilling schedule and adversely affect future production from the
Underlying Properties. Any such delays or reductions in production could decrease future revenues
that are available for distribution to unitholders. The drilling and completion of the PUD Wells on the Underlying Properties are subject to
numerous risks beyond ECA’s and the Trust’s control, including risks that could delay ECA’s current
drilling schedule for the PUD Wells and the risk that drilling will not result in commercially
viable natural gas production. ECA’s decisions to develop or otherwise exploit certain areas within
the AMI will depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological
analyses, production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often inconclusive or
subject to varying interpretations. ECA’s costs of drilling, completing and operating wells are
often uncertain before drilling commences. Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that
can make a particular project uneconomical. Further, ECA’s future business, financial condition,
results of operations, liquidity or ability to finance planned capital expenditures could be
materially and adversely affected by any factor that may curtail, delay or cancel drilling,
including, but not limited to, the following: • delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory requirements
including permitting; • unusual or unexpected geological formations; • shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment and qualified personnel; • equipment malfunctions, failures or accidents; • lack of available gathering facilities or delays in construction of gathering
facilities; • lack of available capacity on interconnecting transmission pipelines; • unexpected operational events and drilling conditions; • pipe or cement failures; • casing collapses; • lost or damaged drilling and service tools; • loss of drilling fluid circulation; • uncontrollable flows of natural gas and fluids; • fires and natural disasters; • environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, pipeline ruptures and
discharges of toxic gases; • adverse weather conditions; • reductions in natural gas prices; • natural gas property title problems; and • market limitations for natural gas. 11 Table of Contents In the event that drilling of development wells is delayed or development wells have lower
than anticipated production due to one of the factors above or for any other reason, estimated
future distributions to unitholders may be reduced. Natural gas prices fluctuate due to a number of factors that are beyond the control of the
Trust and ECA, and lower prices could reduce proceeds to the Trust and cash distributions to
unitholders. The Trust’s reserves and quarterly cash distributions are highly dependent upon the prices
realized from the sale of natural gas. Natural gas prices can fluctuate widely on a month-to-month
basis in response to a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Trust and ECA. These
factors include, among others: • weather conditions and seasonal trends; • regional, domestic and foreign supply and perceptions of supply of natural gas; • availability of imported liquefied natural gas, or LNG; • the level of demand and perceptions of demand for natural gas; • anticipated future prices of natural gas, LNG and other commodities; • technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy supply; • U.S. and worldwide political and economic conditions; • the price and availability of alternative fuels; • the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of gathering and transportation
facilities; • the volatility and uncertainty of regional pricing differentials; • acts of force majeure; • governmental regulations and taxation; and • energy conservation and environmental measures. Lower natural gas prices will reduce proceeds to which the Trust is entitled and may
ultimately reduce the amount of natural gas that is economic to produce from the Underlying
Properties. As a result, the operator of any of the Underlying Properties could determine during
periods of low gas prices to shut in or curtail production from wells on the Underlying Properties.
In addition, the operator of the Underlying Properties could determine during periods of low gas
prices to plug and abandon marginal wells that otherwise may have been allowed to continue to
produce for a longer period under conditions of higher prices. Specifically, ECA may abandon any
well or property if it reasonably believes that the well or property can no longer produce natural
gas in commercially economic quantities. This could result in termination of the portion of the
royalty interest relating to the abandoned well or property, and ECA would have no obligation to
drill a replacement well. In making such decisions, ECA is required under the applicable conveyance
to act as a reasonably prudent operator in the AMI under the same or similar circumstances as it
would act if it were acting with respect to its own properties, disregarding the existence of the
royalty interests as burdens affecting such property. As a result, the volatility of natural gas
prices also reduces the accuracy of estimates of future cash distributions to Trust unitholders. Actual reserves and future production may be less than current estimates, which could reduce
cash distributions by the Trust and the value of the trust units. The value of the trust units and the amount of future cash distributions to the Trust
unitholders will depend upon, among other things, the accuracy of the reserves estimated to be
attributable to the Trust’s royalty interests. The Trust’s reserve quantities and revenues are
based on estimates of reserve quantities and revenues for the Trust. See “The Royalties—Natural
gas reserves” of this prospectus for a discussion of the method of allocating proved reserves to
the Trust. It is not possible to measure underground accumulations of natural gas in an exact way,
and estimating reserves is inherently uncertain. Ultimately, actual production and revenues for the
Underlying Properties could vary negatively and in material amounts from estimates and those
variations could be material. Petroleum engineers are required to make subjective estimates of
underground accumulations of natural gas based on factors and assumptions that include: 12 Table of Contents • historical production from the area compared with production rates from other
producing areas; • natural gas prices, production levels, Btu content, production expenses,
transportation costs, severance and excise taxes and capital expenditures; and • the assumed effect of governmental regulation. Changes in these assumptions or actual production costs incurred and results of actual
development and production costs could materially decrease reserve estimates. In particular, reserve estimates for fields that do not have a lengthy production history are
less reliable than estimates for fields with lengthy production histories. A lack of production
history may contribute to inaccuracy in estimates of proved reserves, future production rates and
the timing of development expenditures. The Producing Wells have been operational for approximately
one year. Furthermore, the use of horizontal drilling methods on the Underlying Properties is a
recent development in the Marcellus Shale, with ECA commencing the drilling of its first horizontal
well in the Marcellus Shale in 2007. The lack of operational history for horizontal wells in the
Marcellus Shale formation may also contribute to the inaccuracy of estimates of proved reserves. A
material and adverse variance of actual production, revenues and expenditures from those underlying
reserve estimates, including variances attributable to a lack of production history within the
Marcellus Shale formation, would have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the Trust and would reduce cash distributions to Trust unitholders. The generation of proceeds for distribution by the Trust depends in part on gathering,
transportation and processing facilities owned by ECA and others. Any limitation in the
availability of those facilities could interfere with sales of natural gas production from the
Underlying Properties. The amount of natural gas that may be produced and sold from any well to which the Underlying
Properties relate is subject to curtailment in certain circumstances, such as by reason of weather
conditions, pipeline interruptions due to scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, failure of
tendered gas to meet quality specifications of gathering lines or downstream transporters,
excessive line pressure which prevents delivery of gas, physical damage to the gathering system or
transportation system or lack of contracted capacity on such systems. The curtailments may vary
from a few days to several months. In many cases, ECA is provided limited