” section. The stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company’s securities. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in very substantial costs, divert our management’s attention and resources and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Investors in this offering will experience immediate and substantial dilution of $   per share. Based on the assumed initial public offering price of $   per share (the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover of this prospectus), purchasers of our Class A common stock in this offering will experience an immediate and substantial dilution of $   per share in the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of Class A common stock from the initial public offering price, and our adjusted pro forma net tangible book value as of   after giving effect to this offering would have been $   per share. This dilution is due in large part to earlier investors having paid less than the initial public offering price when they purchased their shares. See “Dilution” in this prospectus for additional information. Future offerings of debt securities, which would rank senior to our Class A common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future offerings of equity securities that may be senior to our Class A common stock for the purposes of dividend and liquidation distributions, may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock . In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making offerings of debt securities or additional offerings of equity securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our Class A common stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our Class A common stock, or both. Our preferred stock will have a preference on liquidating distributions and dividend payments, which could limit our ability to make a dividend distribution to the holders of our Class A common stock. Our decision to issue securities in any future offering will 52 TABLE OF CONTENTS depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. As a result, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings, and purchasers of our Class A common stock in this offering bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our Class A common stock and diluting their ownership interest in our company. Kaiser will have the ability to direct the voting of a majority of the voting power of our common stock, and his interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders. Upon consummation of this offering, our common stock will consist of two classes: Class A and Class B. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters presented to our stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or by applicable law. Upon completion of this offering (assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of our Class A common stock and after the transactions described herein under “Organizational Structure—The Reorganization”), Kaiser will, through his ownership of EE Holdings, indirectly own 100% of our Class B common stock (representing   % of the total combined voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock). As a result, Kaiser will be able to control matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors, changes to our organizational documents and significant corporate transactions, including any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of ownership makes it unlikely that any holder or group of holders of our Class A common stock will be able to affect the way we are managed or the direction of our business. The interests of Kaiser with respect to matters potentially or actually involving or affecting us, such as future acquisitions, financings and other corporate opportunities and attempts to acquire us, may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders. Kaiser would have to approve any potential acquisition of us. The existence of significant stockholders may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in our best interests. Kaiser’s concentration of stock ownership may also adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock to the extent investors perceive a disadvantage in owning stock of a company with significant stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will include an exclusive forum clause, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless we, in writing, select or consent to the selection of an alternative forum, all complaints asserting any internal corporate claims (defined as claims, including claims in the right of our company: (i) that are based upon a violation of a duty by a current or former director, officer, employee, or stockholder in such capacity; or (ii) as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) confers jurisdiction upon the Court of Chancery), to the fullest extent permitted by law, and subject to applicable jurisdictional requirements, shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have, or declines to accept, subject matter jurisdiction, another state court or a federal court located within the State of Delaware). Further, unless we select or consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Our choice-of-forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. These choice-of-forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing provisions. See the section entitled “Description of Capital Stock—Exclusive Forum Clause.” 53 TABLE OF CONTENTS We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends on our Class A common stock, and our indebtedness could limit our ability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock. After the completion of this offering, we intend to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock, subject to our compliance with applicable law. Any determination to pay dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, projections, liquidity, earnings, legal requirements, covenant compliance, restrictions in our existing and any future debt agreements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Our financing arrangements, including our new credit facility, place certain direct and indirect restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any dividends to holders of our Class A common stock or as to the amount of any such dividends. In addition, our historical results of operations, including cash flow, are not indicative of future financial performance, and our actual results of operations could differ significantly from our historical results of operations. For more information, see “Dividend Policy.” Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could reduce the price that our Class A common stock might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public market after this offering, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and may make it more difficult for you to sell your Class A common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. Upon completion of this offering, we will have   shares of Class A common st