Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following factors, as well as other information contained in this prospectus, before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry At any given point in time, general economic conditions may have an adverse impact on the industry sectors in which our trade shows and conferences operate, and therefore may negatively affect demand for exhibition space and attendance at our trade shows and conferences. Our results are influenced by domestic as well as global general economic conditions because we draw exhibitors and attendees from around the world. However, we are affected to a larger degree by conditions within the individual industry sectors in which our trade shows operate. For example, the downturn in the domestic housing market that began in 2007 had a negative impact on the performance of KBIS during the period from 2008 to 2013. The longer a recession or economic downturn continues, the more likely it becomes that our customers may reduce their marketing and advertising or procurement budgets. Any material decrease in marketing or procurement budgets could reduce the demand for exhibition space or reduce attendance at our trade shows, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The success of each of our trade shows depends on the reputation of that show’s brand. Our exhibitors and attendees primarily know us by the names of our trade shows that operate in their specific industry sector rather than by our corporate brand name, Emerald Expositions. In addition, a single brand name is sometimes used for shows that occur more than once a year; for example, the brand name “ASD Market Week” is used at our ASD Market Week March and ASD Market Week August shows, and the brand name Outdoor Retailer is used for both the OR Summer Market and OR Winter Market versions of the show. If the image or reputation of one or more of these shows is tarnished, it could impact the number of exhibitors and attendees attending that show or shows. A decline in one of our larger shows could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The dates and location of a trade show can impact its profitability and prospects. The demand for desirable dates and locations is high. Consistent with industry practice, we typically maintain multi-year non-binding reservations for dates at our trade show venues. Aside from a nominal deposit in some cases, we do not pay for these reservations, and, while they almost always entitle us to a last look before the venue is rented to someone else during the reservation period, these reservations are not binding on the facility owners until we execute a definitive contract with the owner. We typically sign contracts that guarantee the right to specific dates at venues only one or two years in advance. Therefore, our multi-year reservations may not lead to binding contracts with facility owners. Consistency in location and all other aspects of our trade shows is important to maintaining a high retention rate from year to year, and we rely on our highly loyal customer base for the success of our shows. Moving major shows to new cities, such as the planned move of Interbike from Las Vegas, Nevada to Reno, Nevada in September 2018 and the move of OR from Salt Lake City, Utah to Denver, Colorado in January 2018, can adversely affect customer behavior. Similarly, significant timing changes, such as the acceleration of OR Winter Market from January 2019 to November 2018, can also result in unanticipated customer reactions. External factors such as legislation and government policies at the local or state level, including policy related to social issues, may depress the desire of exhibitors and attendees to attend our trade shows held in certain locations. For example, our organic revenue growth in 2017 was modestly adversely impacted by certain political issues in Utah that affected exhibitor participation at our 2017 OR Summer Market show. Our inability to secure or retain desirable dates and locations for our trade shows could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Attendance at our shows could decline as a result of disruptions in global or local travel conditions, such as congestion at airports, the risk of or an actual terrorist action, adverse weather or fear of communicable diseases. The number of attendees and exhibitors at our trade shows may be affected by a variety of factors that are outside our control. Because many attendees and exhibitors travel to our trade shows via airplane, factors that depress the ability or desire of attendees and exhibitors to travel to our trade shows, including, but not limited to, an increased 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS frequency of flight delays or accidents, outbreaks of contagious disease or the potential for infection, increased costs associated with air travel, actual or threatened terrorist attacks, the imposition of heightened security standards or bans on visitors from particular countries outside the United States, or acts of nature, such as earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. For example, during the third quarter of 2017, we experienced disruptions to ISS Orlando, Surf Expo and ICFF South Florida as a result of the impact of Hurricane Irma, and we may be forced to cancel or re-locate future trade shows in the event of natural or man-made disasters. While we are generally insured against direct losses, one or more of the factors described above could cause a long-term reduction in the willingness of exhibitors and attendees to travel to attend our trade shows, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We may fail to accurately monitor or respond to changing market trends and adapt our trade show portfolio accordingly. Our success depends in part upon our ability to monitor changing market trends and to adapt our trade shows, acquire existing trade shows or launch new trade shows to meet the evolving needs of existing and emerging target audiences. The process of researching, developing, launching and establishing profitability for a new trade show may lead to initial operating losses. In 2017, we launched six new events. Our efforts to adapt our trade shows, or to introduce new trade shows into our portfolio, in response to our perception of changing market trends, may not succeed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If we fail to attract leading brands as exhibitors in, or high-quality attendees to, our trade shows, we may lose the benefit of the self-reinforcing “network effect” we enjoy today. The leading brands represented by our exhibitors attract attendees who, in many cases, have authority to make purchasing decisions, or who offer other benefits (such as publicity or press coverage) by virtue of their attendance. The presence of these exhibitors and attendees creates the self-reinforcing “network effect” that benefits our business; however, if representatives of leading brands decide for any reason not to participate in our trade shows, the number and quality of attendees could decline, which could lead to a rapid decline in the results of one or more trade shows and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We may face increased competition from existing trade show operators or new competitors. Although the trade show market is highly fragmented, we currently face competition in certain of our industry sectors. Further, our high profit margins and low start-up costs could encourage new operators to enter the trade show business. Both existing and new competitors present an alternative to our product offerings, and if competition increases or others are successful in attracting away our exhibitors and attendees, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. A significant portion of our revenue is generated by our top five trade shows. We depend on our top five trade shows to generate a significant portion of our revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2017, our top five shows were ASD Market Week March, ASD Market Week August, NY NOW Summer, NY NOW Winter and KBIS. For the year ended December 31, 2017, these shows represented 33% of our total revenues. Notwithstanding the fact that ASD Market Week and NY NOW represent multiple product categories and that all of our shows are highly diversified by customer, a significant decline in the performance or prospects of any one of these significant trade shows could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We intend to continue to be highly acquisitive, and our acquisition growth strategy entails risk. Our acquisition growth strategy entails various risks, including, among others: • the risks inherent in identifying desirable acquisition candidates, including management time spent away from running our core business and external costs associated with identifying such acquisition candidates; • the risk that we turn out to be wrong with respect to selecting and consummating what we had believed to be accretive acquisitions; 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS • the risk of overpaying for a particular acquisition; • the risks of successfully integrating an acquisition and retaining th