Investing in our common stock
involves risks. You should carefully consider the following risk
factors and other information in this prospectus before purchasing our
common stock. The trading price of our common stock may decline due to
any of these risks, and you could lose all or part of your
investment. Risks Related to Our Business Our
liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses is based on estimates
and may be inadequate to cover our actual losses and expenses. We must establish and maintain reserves for our estimated
losses and loss adjustment expenses. We establish loss reserves in our
financial statements that represent an estimate of amounts needed to
pay and administer claims with respect to insured claims that have
occurred, including claims that have occurred but have not yet been
reported to us. Loss reserves are estimates of the ultimate cost of
individual claims based on actuarial estimation techniques and are
inherently uncertain. Judgment is required in applying actuarial
techniques to determine the relevance of historical payment and claim
settlement patterns under current facts and circumstances. In states
other than Nevada, we have a short operating history and must rely on a
combination of industry experience and our specific experience to
establish our best estimate of losses and LAE reserves. The
interpretation of historical data can be impacted by external forces,
principally legislative changes, medical cost inflation, economic
fluctuations and legal trends. In California, there have been
significant legislative changes affecting workers' compensation
benefits to injured workers and claims administration, and we are
observing changes in claim costs and claim payment patterns. We review
our loss reserves each quarter. We may adjust our reserves based on the
results of these reviews and these adjustments could be significant. If
we change our estimates, these changes are reflected in our results of
operations during the period in which they are made. Loss
reserves are estimates at a given point in time of our ultimate
liability for cost of claims and of the cost of managing those claims,
and are inherently uncertain. It is likely that the ultimate liability
will differ from our estimates, perhaps significantly. Such estimates
are not precise in that, among other things, they are based on
predictions of future claim emergence and payment patterns and
estimates of future trends in claim frequency and claim cost. These
estimates assume that the claim emergence and payment patterns, claim
inflation and claim frequency trend assumptions implicitly built into
estimates will continue into the future. Unexpected changes in claim
cost inflation can occur through changes in general inflationary
trends, changes in medical technology and procedures, changes in wage
levels and general economic conditions and changes in legal theories of
compensability of injured workers and their dependents. Furthermore,
future costs can be influenced by changes in the workers'
compensation statutory benefit structure and in benefit administration
and delivery. It often becomes necessary to refine and adjust the
estimates of liability on a claim either upward or downward. Even after
such adjustments, ultimate liability may exceed or be less than the
revised estimates. Workers' compensation benefits are often
paid over a long period of time. For example, in addition to medical
expenses, an injured worker may receive payments for lost income
associated with total or partial disability, whether temporary or
permanent (i.e., the disability is expected to continue until normal
retirement age or death, whichever comes first). We may also be
required to make payments, often over a period of many years, to
surviving spouses and children of workers who are killed on the job or
may be required to make relatively small payments on claims that have
already been closed (which we refer to as reopenings). In addition,
there are no policy limits on our liability for workers'
compensation claims as there are for other forms of insurance.
Therefore, estimating reserves for workers' compensation claims
may be more uncertain than estimating reserves for other lines of
insurance with shorter or more definite periods between occurrence of
the claim and final determination of the ultimate loss and with policy
limits on liability for claim amounts. Accordingly, our reserves may
prove to be inadequate to cover our actual losses. Our estimates
of incurred losses and LAE attributable to insured events of prior
years have decreased for past accident years because actual losses and
LAE paid and current projections of unpaid losses and LAE were less
than we originally anticipated. We refer to such decreases as favorable 15 Table of Contents developments. The reductions in reserves were
$81.7  million, $78.1  million, $37.6  million,
$69.2  million, $11.5  million and $38.7  million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2006 and the years ended
December  31,  2005, 2004, 2003, 2002 and 2001,
respectively. Estimates of net incurred losses and LAE are established
by management utilizing actuarial indications based upon our historical
and industry experience regarding claim emergence and claim payment
patterns, and regarding medical cost inflation and claim cost trends,
adjusted for future anticipated changes in claims-related and economic
trends, as well as regulatory and legislative changes, to establish our
best estimate of the losses and LAE reserves. The decrease in the prior
year reserves was primarily the result of actual paid losses being less
than expected, and revised assumptions used in projection of future
losses and LAE payments based on more current information about the
impact of certain changes, such as legislative changes, which was not
available at the time the reserves were originally established. While
we have had favorable developments over the past five years, the
magnitude of these developments illustrates the inherent uncertainty in
our liability for losses and loss adjustment expenses, and we believe
that favorable or unfavorable developments of similar magnitude, or
greater, could occur in the future. State workers'
compensation insurance regulations in California and other states where
we operate have caused and may continue to cause downward pressure on
the premiums we charge. Our pricing decisions need to take
into account the workers' compensation insurance regulatory
regime of each state in which we conduct operations, such as regimes
that address the rates that industry participants in that state may or
should charge for policies. In 2005, 77.7% of our direct
premiums written were generated in California. Accordingly, we are
particularly affected by regulation in California. California has recently been through a cycle of substantial
rate increases, followed by equally substantial rate decreases. Until
1995, insurance companies were subject to minimum rate regulation in
California. The state had established a minimum rate floor, and
workers' compensation insurers could not charge rates lower than
that floor. In 1995, California eliminated its minimum rate regulation
and allowed open price competition among workers' compensation
insurers. One of the results of this was intense pricing competition
among insurance companies, with many lowering rates to levels that
ultimately resulted in more than 20 insolvencies. By 2002, rates in
California had increased significantly, driven by an expensive benefit
delivery system, claims which resulted in higher than normal litigation
and a lack of insurance capital within the state. Since 2002, three key
pieces of workers' compensation regulation reform have been
enacted which reformed medical determinations of injuries or illness,
established medical fee schedules, allowed for the use of medical
provider panels, modified benefit levels, changed the proof needed to
file claims, and reformed many additional areas of the workers'
compensation benefits and delivery system. Workers' compensation
insurers in California responded to these reforms by reducing their
rates. For example, we have reduced our rates in California by
56% since September  2003 through September
30,  2006 and expect that we will further reduce our rates in the
foreseeable future. These reductions in rates in California are in
response to the legislative reforms which have reduced claim costs in
California. Several attempts have been made to institute additional
forms of rate regulation in California; however, none of those attempts
have been enacted by the legislature as of October  31,
2006. The passage of any form of rate regulation in California could
impair our ability to operate profitably in California, and any such
impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. Additionally, although the
California Insurance Commissioner does not set premium rates, he does
adopt and publish advisory ‘‘pure premium’’
rates which are rates that would cover expected losses but do not
contain an element to cover operating expenses or profit. He
recommended a 16.4% reduction in workers' compensation
‘‘pure premium’’ rates starting in July 2006.
In early November 2006, the California Insurance Commissioner
recommended that ‘‘pure premium’’ rates be
reduced by an additional 9.5% for policies written on or after
January 1, 2007. Our California rates continue to be based upon our
actuarial analysis of current and anticipated cost trends, and we have
determined that our California rates effective on January 1, 2007 will
include the 9.5% reduction recommended by the California
Insurance Commissioner. Certain states have adopted an
‘‘administered pricing’’ regime, under
which rate competition is generally not permitted. Of the states in
which we currently operate, only Idaho has implemented such regulation.
However, we are exposed to the risk that other states in which we
ope