and all the other information contained in this prospectus before you decide to
buy our common stock. If any of the following risks related to our business
actually occurs, our business, financial condition and operating results would
be adversely affected. The market price of our common stock could decline due
to any of these risks and uncertainties related to our business, or related to
an investment in our common stock, and you may lose part or all of your
investment. Risks Related to Our Business Our SmartVest System
and its ancillary products generate all of our net revenue. If sales of this
family of products were to decline, our net revenue and results of operations
would be adversely affected. Our
success is substantially dependent on the sale of the SmartVest® Airway
Clearance System (“SmartVest System”). The SmartVest System and its ancillary
products represented 100% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2009, and we anticipate it will continue to account for a substantial portion
of our net revenue for the foreseeable future. If sales of the SmartVest System
were to decline in any of our key markets because of decreased demand, adverse
regulatory actions, patent or trademark infringement claims, failure to protect
our intellectual property, manufacturing problems or delays, pricing pressures,
competitive factors or any other reason, our net revenue would be significantly
impacted, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations and may affect our ability to continue operations. If we do not
successfully implement our business strategy, our business and results of
operations will be adversely affected. We
may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. Any such
failure may adversely affect our business and results of operations. For
example, to implement our business strategy we need to, among other things,
develop and introduce new generations of HFCWO products, achieve lower
manufacturing costs through design improvements, educate health care
professionals and patients about the clinical and cost benefits of our
institutional and home health care SmartVest System, obtain regulatory approval
and reimbursement codes for new or significantly modified products and
applications and maintain effective marketing and sales efforts domestically
and internationally. We
rely on a direct sales force in the U.S. that consists primarily of respiratory therapists and, in June 2008 initiated an
independent contractor relationship with a consultant to assist with our
marketing efforts to hospital buying groups. There is no assurance that these
approaches will improve our sales. Further, using a direct sales force of
medical professionals may be less cost-effective than using a third-party
distributor or hiring salespeople without health care credentials. In addition,
our direct sales model may be ineffective if we are unable to hire and retain
qualified salespeople and if our sales force fails to establish relationships
with physicians or comply with regulatory requirements. We are also seeking to
increase our international sales, including by establishing and strengthening international sales relationships through agreements with third parties, and there is no
guarantee we will be successful in doing so. Moreover, even if we successfully
implement our business strategy, we may not have positive operating results. We
may decide to alter or discontinue aspects of our business strategy and may
adopt different strategies due to business or competitive factors. The market
opportunities that we currently focus on or expect to develop for our products
may not remain or become as large as we expect or may not develop at all. The
growth of our business is dependent, in large part, upon the development of
market opportunities for our SmartVest System. The market opportunities that we
expect to exist may not develop as expected, or at all. For example, a
substantial percentage of our products are sold to assist patients with cystic
fibrosis (“CF”). If a cure is discovered for CF or other pulmonary conditions
for which our products are currently prescribed, our sales would decrease and
our operating results would be negatively affected. Moreover, even if our
current patient market 8 remains
consistent and new market opportunities develop as expected, new technologies
and products introduced by our competitors may significantly limit our ability
to capitalize on any such market opportunity. Our failure to maintain our
current market or capitalize on our expected market opportunities would
adversely effect our growth. If we are unable to
successfully develop and market new generations of HFCWO products or market our
existing products to a broad patient population, we will not remain
competitive. Our
future success and our ability to increase net revenue and earnings depend, in
part, on our ability to develop and market new generations of HFCWO products
and market our existing products to a broad patient population. However, we may
not be able to, among other things: • successfully develop or
 market new products or enhance existing products; • educate health care
 professionals and patients about the benefits of HFCWO treatments for
 patients with a broad range of pulmonary disorders; • manufacture, market and
 distribute existing and future products in a cost-effective manner; or • obtain required regulatory
 clearances and approvals for new products or significant modifications to
 existing products. Our
failure to do any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if any of
our current or future products contain undetected errors or design defects or
do not work as expected for expanded patient populations, our ability to market
these products could be substantially impeded, resulting in lost net revenue,
potential damage to our reputation and delays in obtaining market acceptance of
these products. We cannot assure you that we will continue to successfully
develop and market new or enhanced products or new applications for our
existing products. Moreover,
extensions to our current line of products, including new or enhanced products
or new applications for our existing products, would require us to obtain new
510(k) clearance or, depending upon the new technology or indications,
premarket approval from the FDA before such products or applications could be
marketed in the U.S. In seeking FDA clearance, we may be required to prove the
safety and efficacy of the new or modified products by clinical trials. We may
be unable to do so, and in such circumstances our products would not receive
regulatory approval. In addition, these clinical trials typically last several
years, and during that time competing products, procedures or therapies may be
introduced that are less expensive and/or more effective than our products and
thus render our products obsolete. If we do not continue to expand our product
portfolio on a timely basis or if those products and applications do not
receive regulatory and market acceptance or become obsolete, we will not grow
our business as we currently expect. If we fail to
educate physicians and patients as to the distinctive characteristics,
benefits, safety, clinical efficacy and cost-effectiveness of our products, our
sales will not grow. Because
certain of the pulmonary conditions that can be treated by our devices can also
be treated by surgery, drugs or other medical devices and therapies, some of
which have a longer history of use and are more widely used by the medical
community, acceptance of our SmartVest System depends, in large part, on our
ability to educate the medical community and patients as to the distinctive
characteristics, benefits, safety, clinical efficacy and cost-effectiveness of
our products compared to alternative products, procedures and therapies.
Physicians may be reluctant to change their medical treatment practices for a
number of reasons, including: • lack of
 experience with new products; • lack of
 evidence supporting additional patient benefits; • perceived
 liability risks generally associated with the use of new products; and • costs
 associated with the purchase of new products and equipment. 9 Convincing
patients, physicians and other caregivers to dedicate the time and energy
necessary to properly train to use new devices is challenging, and we may not
be successful in these efforts. Accordingly, even if our devices are superior
to alternative treatments, our success will depend on our ability to gain and
maintain market acceptance for our devices. If we fail to do so, our sales will
not grow and our business, financial condition and results of operations will
be adversely affected. Continued
acceptance of our SmartVest System also depends on our ability to offer
exceptional customer service and training opportunities to purchasers. We have
developed a network of 300 respiratory therapists and nurses who provide
in-home training on a non-exclusive basis. If we are unable to maintain this network,
our ability to provide timely training and orientation would be impaired.
Inability to achieve timely training would be noted by the prescribing
physician, which could adversely affect our standing with such physicians and
discourage them from prescribing our products. Moreover, if we are unable to
provide proper training, patients or physicians may misuse or ineffectively use
the SmartVest System, which may result in unsatisfactory patient outcomes and
negative publicity. We operate in a very
competitive environment. The
medical device industry is highly competitive. We face direct competition from
Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. and Respiratory Technologies, Inc., and face indirect
competition from several companies that offer alternative products for airway
clearance. Certain of our competitors have substantially g