— Risks Related to our Business — Our future capital needs are uncertain and we may need to raise funds in the future, and such funds may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.” Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2019, future minimum payments due under our contractual obligations are as follows: ​ ​ ​ Payment Due by Period ​ (in thousands) ​ ​ Total ​ ​ Less than 1 Year ​ ​ 1 – 3 Years ​ ​ 3 – 5 Years ​ ​ Thereafter ​ Term Loan Facility (1) ​ ​ ​ $ 20,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ — ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 16,667 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 3,333 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ — ​ ​ Revenue Interest Obligation (2) ​ ​ ​ ​ 20,396 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2,750 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8,250 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8,250 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,146 ​ ​ Leases (3) ​ ​ ​ ​ 5,580 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,121 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 3,084 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,375 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ ​ Note to Tissue Supplier (4) ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,692 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1,692 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ ​ HighCape Fee (5) ​ ​ ​ ​ 750 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 750 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ — ​ ​ Total ​ ​ ​ $ 48,418 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 6,313 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 28,001 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 12,958 ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 1,146 ​ ​ ​ (1) Our Term Loan Facility bears interest at One Month LIBOR (subject to a LIBOR floor of 2.25%) plus 7.25% per annum (a reduction from 7.75% per annum prior to the July 2019 amendment) and includes interest only payments through January 2021 and interest and principal (equal monthly installments) payments from February 2021 through maturity in July 2024. See “—Description of Certain Indebtedness — Credit Facilities” for additional information. Interest expense on our Term Loan Facility totaled $1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2019. The weighted average interest rate on Term Loan Facility borrowings was 9.8% and 9.7%, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019. ​ (2) We are party to a royalty agreement with Ligand (as defined below) pursuant to which we are required to pay to Ligand 5.0% of future sales of the products we acquired from CorMatrix (as well as products substantially similar to those products), subject to certain annual minimum payments as included in the table above. Excluded from the table above is a $5.0 million payment that would be due to Ligand if cumulative sales of the acquired products exceed $100.0 million and a second $5.0 million if cumulative sales exceed $300.0 million during the ten-year term of the agreement which expires on May 31, 2027. These contingent payments were excluded due to the uncertainty on when the revenue milestones will be met, or if they will be met at all. See “—Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates — Revenue Interest Obligation” below for additional information regarding our obligations under this agreement. ​ (3) We lease two production facilities and one administrative and research facility under non-cancelable operating lease arrangements that expire between May 2021 and November 2025. The amounts above represent future minimum lease commitments. ​ (4) We entered into an unsecured promissory note with a tissue supplier in 2017. The note bears interest at a rate of 5.0% per annum and matures in August 2020. ​ (5) In connection with the CorMatrix Acquisition, we agreed to pay HighCape Partners Management, L.P. a one-time advisory fee of  $750,000 upon the first to occur of any sale transaction (as defined in our certificate of incorporation, as currently in effect) and the closing of this offering. In September 2020, our obligation in respect of this fee was extinguished in connection with the issuance of 375,000 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock to HighCape Capital, L.P. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions — Transactions with HighCape Partners QP and its Affiliates — Advisory Fee.” ​ 102 TABLE OF CONTENTS Subsequent to December 31, 2019, in May 2020, we entered into a promissory note having a principal amount of approximately $3.0 million under the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act. See “— Description of Certain Indebtedness — PPP Loan.” Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the amounts of revenues and expenses reported during the period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates these estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue, inventory valuation, valuation of intangibles, revenue interest obligation and stock-based compensation. Actual results may differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Revenue Recognition We enter into contracts to sell and distribute products to healthcare providers or commercial partners, or are produced and sold under contract manufacturing arrangements with corporate customers which are billed under ship and bill contract terms. Revenue is recognized when we have met our performance obligations pursuant to our contracts with our customers in an amount that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the transfer of control of the products and services to our customers. For all net sales, we have no further performance obligations and revenue is recognized when control transfers which occurs either when: i) the product is shipped via common carrier; or ii) the product is delivered to the customer or distributor, in accordance with the terms of the agreement. A portion of our product revenue is generated from consigned inventory maintained at hospitals, and from inventory physically held by our direct sales representatives. For these types of products sales, we retain control until the product has been used or implanted, at which time revenue is recognized. We have elected to account for shipping and handling activities as a fulfillment cost rather than a separate performance obligation. Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling are included as part of the transaction price and recognized as revenue when control of the underlying products is transferred to the customer. The related shipping and freight charges incurred by us are included in sales and marketing costs. Contracts with customers state the final terms of the sale, including the description, quantity, and price of each implant distributed. The payment terms and conditions in our contracts vary; however, as a common business practice, payment terms are typically due in full within 30 to 60 days of delivery. We, at times, extend volume discounts to customers. We permit returns of our products in accordance with the terms of contractual agreements with customers. Inventory Valuation Inventories, consisting of purchased materials, direct labor and manufacturing overhead, are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined using the average cost method. Inventory write-downs for unprocessed and certain processed donor tissue are recorded based on the estimated amount of inventory that will not pass the quality control process based on historical data. At each balance sheet date, we also evaluate inventories for excess quantities, obsolescence or shelf life expiration. This evaluation includes analysis of our current and future strategic plans, historical sales levels by product, projections of future demand, the risk of technological or competitive obsolescence for products, general market conditions and a review of the shelf life expiration dates for products. To the extent that management determines there is excess or obsolete inventory or quantities with a shelf life that is too near its expiration for us to reasonably expect that we can sell those products prior to their expiration, we adjust the carrying value of the inventory to its estimated net realizable value. Due to the judgmental nature of inventory valuation, we may from time to time be required to adjust our assumptions as processes change and as we gain better information. Although we continue to refine the 103 TABLE OF CONTENTS assumptions, described above, on which we base our estimates, we cannot be sure that our estimates are accurate indicators of future events. Accordingly, future adjustments may result from refining these estimates. Such adjustments may be significant. Valuation of Purchased Intangible Assets Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are carried at acquired fair value, less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets. We periodically evaluate the period of amortization for purchased intangible assets to determine whether current circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives. We review our purchased intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount to the net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. Impairment exists when the carrying value of our asset exceeds the related estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. If impairment exists, the carrying value of that asset is adjusted to its fair value. A discounted cash flow analysis is used to estimate an asset’s fair value, using assumptions that market participants would apply. An impairment loss would be recorded for the excess of net carrying value over the fair value of the asset impaired. The results of impairment tests are subject to management’s estimates and assumptions of projected cash flows and operating results. Changes in assumptions or market conditions could result in a change in estimated future cash flows and could result in a lower fair