—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property” for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our
intellectual property. We generally file patent applications directed to our key programs in an effort to secure our intellectual
property positions vis-a-vis these programs. As of December 31, 2019, we owned, co-owned, or held exclusive license rights to
numerous patent and patent applications, including at least six issued or allowed U.S. patents, three U.S. pending non-provisional patent applications, 22 issued or allowed non-U.S. patents, including four European patent applications which have been validated among individual European Patent Convention nations, 56 non-U.S. pending patent
applications, and two pending Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, applications. The intellectual property portfolio for our most advanced
program as of December 31, 2019, is summarized below. Prosecution is a lengthy process, during which the scope of the claims initially submitted for examination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may be significantly narrowed before
issuance, if issued at all. We expect this may be the case with respect to some of our pending patent applications referred to below. IMR-687 The patent portfolio for our IMR-687 program includes at least six published patent families. As of
December 31, 2019, we owned, co-owned, or held exclusive license rights to numerous patent and patent applications, including at least six issued or allowed U.S. patents, three U.S. pending non-provisional patent applications, 22 issued or allowed non-U.S. patents, including four European patent applications which have been validated among individual European
Patent Convention nations, 56 non-U.S. pending patent applications, and two pending PCT applications relating to our IMR-687 program. These patents and patent applications comprise the following patent
families: The issued patents include coverage of the IMR-687 composition of matter. The issued patents include US 9,643,970 (exclusively
licensed to us from Lundbeck A/S), which issued May 2017. This U.S. patent and related international family members are directed to the IMR-687 composition of matter, including racemic mixtures. The expected expiry date of US 9,643,970, including 63
days of Patent Term Adjustment, based on a 20-year term, of US 9,643,970, is December 2032, absent any other patent term extensions available. The issued patents also include US 9,434,733 (exclusively licensed to us from Lundbeck A/S), which issued September 2016. This U.S. patent and
related international family members are directed to the alternative PDE9 inhibitor compositions of matter, including racemic mixtures. The expected expiry date, based on a 20-year term, of US 9,434,733, is January 2033, absent any patent term
extensions available. The issued patents also include US 10,513,524 (exclusively licensed to us from Lundbeck A/S), which issued December
2019. This U.S. patent and related international family members provide further protection for the IMR-687 composition of matter, including the enantiomer, in addition to coverage of therapeutic methods of treating sickle cell disease with IMR-687.
The expected expiry date, based on a 20-year term, of US 10,513,524 is July 2036, absent any patent term extensions available. The
pending applications include an additional patent family directed to therapeutic methods with a priority filing date of July 2016. No patents have issued in this patent family, and the expected expiry date of this patent family, based on a 20-year
term, is June 2037, absent any patent term extensions available. 133 Table of Contents The pending applications also include a patent family directed to process chemistry for
manufacturing with a priority date of May 2017. No patents have issued in this patent family, and the expected expiry date of this patent family, based on a 20-year term, is May 2038, absent any patent term extensions available. The pending PCT applications include a PCT application directed to polymorphs of IMR-687 with a priority filing date of May 2018. No patents
have issued in this patent family, and the expected expiry date of this patent family, based on a 20-year term, is May 2039, absent any patent term extensions available. The pending PCT applications also include a PCT application directed to solid dose formulations of IMR-687 with a priority filing date of
August 2018. No patents have issued in this patent family, and the expected expiry date of this patent family, based on a 20-year term, is August 2039, absent any patent term extensions available. The pending unpublished U.S. provisional applications include a patent application directed to liquid solution formulations of IMR-687 with a
priority filing date of April 2019. No patents have issued in this patent family, and the expected expiry date of this patent family, based on a 20-year term, is April 2040, absent any patent term extensions available. The pending unpublished U.S. provisional applications also include a patent application directed to therapeutic methods of treating
thalassemia with a priority date of May 2019. No patents have issued in this patent family, and the expected expiry date of this patent family, based on a 20-year term, is May 2040, absent any patent term extensions available. While we believe that the specific and generic claims contained in our owned and licensed pending U.S., non-U.S., and PCT applications provide protection for the claimed pharmaceutical compositions and methods of use, third parties may nevertheless challenge such claims. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in
which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, the term of a patent covering an FDA-approved drug may, in certain cases, be
eligible for a patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 as compensation for the loss of patent term during the FDA regulatory review process. The period of extension may be up to five years, but
cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval. Only one patent among those eligible for an extension and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for
manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and in certain other jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. It is possible that issued U.S. patents covering IMR-687 may be entitled to patent term extensions. If our use of drug candidates or the drug candidate itself receive FDA approval, we intend to apply for patent term extensions, if available, to extend the term of
patents that cover the approved use or drug candidate. We also intend to seek patent term extensions in any jurisdictions where available, however, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA, will agree with our
assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. In addition to patent
protection, we rely upon unpatented trade secrets and confidential know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets and confidential know-how are difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with any collaborators, scientific advisors, employees and consultants and invention
assignment agreements with our employees. We also have agreements requiring assignment of inventions with selected consultants, scientific advisors and collaborators. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection. These agreements may also
be breached, and we may not have an adequate remedy for any such 134 Table of Contents breach. In addition, our trade secrets and/or confidential know-how may become known or be independently developed by a third party, or misused by any
collaborator to whom we disclose such information. Despite any measures taken to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain or use information that we regard as proprietary.
Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information, third parties may independently develop the same or similar proprietary information or may otherwise gain access to our proprietary information. As a result, we may be unable to
meaningfully protect our trade secrets and proprietary information. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property” for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property. Manufacturing We currently contract with
third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials and intend to do so in the future. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of clinical or commercial quantities of
our product candidates. We currently have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities. To date, our third-party manufacturers have met our manufacturing requirements. We expect third-party manufacturers to be
capable of providing sufficient quantities of our program materials to meet anticipated clinical-trial scale demands. To meet our projected needs for commercial manufacturing, third parties with whom we currently work will need to increase their
scale of production or we will need to secure alternate suppliers. We believe that there are alternate sources of supply that can satisfy our clinical and commercial requirements, although we cannot be certain that identifying and establishing
relationships with such sources, if necessary, would not result in significant delay or material addi