: The securities offered by this prospectus are speculative and involve
    a high degree of risk . Investors purchasing securities should not purchase the securities unless they can afford the loss of
    their entire investment. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6. (1) The
                                            number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding following this offering is based on
                                            5,000,000 outstanding shares of common stock as of August 29, 2025 and excludes: · shares
                                            of our common stock issuable upon the conversion the simple agreement for future equity (“SAFE”);
                                            and · shares
                                            of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Representative’s Warrants to
                                            be issued in this offering. Unless otherwise indicated, this prospectus reflects
and assumes that the following are not converted into or exercised for shares of our common stock: · shares
                                            of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of the SAFE; · shares
                                            of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Representative’s Warrants to
                                            be issued in this offering; and · no
                                            exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to 225,000 additional shares
                                            of our common stock from us to cover over-allotments, if any. 5 RISK
FACTORS Investing in our securities
is highly speculative and involves a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and elsewhere
in this prospectus, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Our business
faces significant risks and the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or
that we currently believe are immaterial may materially affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. If any of
these risks occur, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We have a history of losses, expect to
continue to incur losses in the near term and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future, and as a result, our management
has identified and our auditors agreed that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have incurred significant
losses since our inception. We experienced net losses of approximately $0.4 million during the six months ended June 30, 2025 and $3.5
million and $2.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We expect our capital expenses and operational
expenses to increase in the future due to investing in network construction activities and, therefore, our operating losses will continue
or even increase at least through the near term. Our sales cycle is long, and a substantial amount of time could pass between when we
begin the process of deploying our network for a project and when we are able recognize revenue or realize gross margin contributions
from the project. Furthermore, to the extent that we are successful in increasing our customer base, we will also incur increased expenses
to meet the demand of our customers. You should not rely upon our past results as indicative of future performance. We may not reach
profitability in the near future or at any specific time in the future. If and when our operations do become profitable, we may not sustain
profitability. The report of our independent
registered public accounting firm that accompanies our audited consolidated financial statements in this prospectus contains a going
concern qualification in which such firm expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result if we are unable to continue as a going concern. If we are unable
to continue as a going concern, holders of our securities might lose their entire investment. We may need to raise additional capital,
which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and which may cause dilution to holders of our common stock, restrict our operations
or adversely affect our ability to operate our business. If we need to raise additional
funds due to unforeseen circumstances or material expenditures or if our operating results are worse than expected, we cannot be certain
that we will be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all, and any additional financings could result in additional
dilution to holders of our common stock. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions such as incurring additional debt, expending capital, or declaring dividends, or which impose financial
covenants on us that limit our ability to achieve our business objectives. If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable
terms, we may not be able to meet our business objectives, our stock price may fall and you may lose some or all of your investment. Our secured indebtedness could have important
consequences to you. Our secured indebtedness
could have important consequences to you. For example, it could: · limit
                                            our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions
                                            and other general corporate requirements; · require
                                            us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby
                                            reducing the availability of our cash flow for operations and other purposes; · limit
                                            our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry
                                            in which we operate; and · place
                                            us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less
                                            debt and greater financial resources. 6 Our secured indebtedness
is secured by a security interest in a portion of our accounts receivable. If we were to default on our obligations under these loans
and arrangements, the counterparties would have the right to our assets. We could be required to dispose of material assets or operations
to meet our debt service and other obligations, and the value realized on such assets or operations will depend on market conditions
and the availability of buyers. Accordingly, any such sale may not, among other things, be for a sufficient dollar amount. If we were
to otherwise attempt to sell material assets or operations, the foregoing encumbrances may limit our ability to dispose of material assets
or operations. In the event that the counterparties enforced their rights to our assets, we may have to discontinue our business, and
our investors could lose all or a part of their investment in us. We have a relatively short operating history,
which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects. We have a relatively short
operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects. Our business has been in existence only since
December 2019. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies
in rapidly changing industries, including those related to: · market acceptance
                                            of our current and future services; · our ability to compete
                                            with other companies offering similar products and services; · our ability to effectively
                                            market our services and attract new customers; · the amount and timing
                                            of expenses, particularly expenses related to the installation of our Network-as-a-Service
                                            solutions, and expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations
                                            and infrastructure; · our ability to control
                                            costs, including our expenses; · our ability to manage
                                            organic growth; · changing regulatory
                                            environments and costs associated with compliance; and · general economic conditions
                                            and events. If we do not manage these
risks successfully, our business and financial performance will be adversely affected. Given our relatively limited operating
history, we have historically earned most of our revenue from a limited number of ownership groups, and if we lose any of these ownership
groups as customers or if we are unable to replace the revenue, our financial condition and results from operations would be materially
and adversely affected. Given our relatively limited
operating history, we have historically earned most of our revenue from a limited number of ownership groups. During the six months ended
June 30, 2025, two ownership groups accounted for approximately 48% of our total revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2024,
three ownership groups accounted for approximately 36% of our total revenue. As of June 30, 2025, three ownership groups accounted for
approximately 58% of our accounts receivable balance. As of December 31, 2