Investing
in MYnd Analytics involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, as
well as the risks and uncertainties described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” contained in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2018, as updated in our Quarterly Report(s) on Form 10-Q, which descriptions are
incorporated by reference in this prospectus in their entirety, as well as any risks and uncertainties described in any applicable
prospectus supplement, before making an investment in our Common Stock. These risks and uncertainties are not the only risks and
uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may
become important factors that affect us. If any of the risks or uncertainties described below or in any of our other SEC filings
or any additional risks and uncertainties actually arise or occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline, and you may lose
some or all of your investment. Risks
Relating to the Company We
need immediate additional funding to support our operations and capital expenditures, which may not be available to us. This lack
of availability could result in the cessation of our business. Our recurring net losses and negative cash flows from operations
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We
have not generated significant revenues or become profitable, may never do so and may not generate sufficient working capital
to cover costs of operations. Our recurring net losses and negative cash flows from operations raise substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. Historically, we have been unable to pay other obligations as they become due and have
been in arrears on paying certain of our larger creditors. We have a history of insolvency that requires us to immediately secure
additional funds to continue our operations. Until we can generate a sufficient amount of revenues to finance our operations and
capital expenditures, we are required to finance our cash needs primarily through public or private equity offerings, debt financings,
borrowings or strategic collaborations. As of September 30, 2018, we had approximately $3.3 million in cash and cash equivalents
on hand. We will therefore need additional funds to continue our operations and will need substantial additional funds before
we can increase demand for our telebehavioral health services and PEER solution offering. As
of September 30, 2018, the Company has issued purchase notices to Aspire Capital under a common stock purchase agreement with
Aspire Capital dated as December 6, 2016 (the “First Purchase Agreement”) to purchase an aggregate of 1,180,000 shares
of common stock, at a per share price of $2.00, resulting in gross cash proceeds of approximately $2.4 million. As of September
30, 2018, the Company has issued purchase notices to Aspire Capital under the Purchase Agreement to purchase an aggregate of 884,671
shares of common stock, resulting in gross cash proceeds of approximately $1.9 million. On November 26, 2018, the Company received
shareholder approval to remove the exchange cap under the Purchase Agreement in compliance with the applicable listing rules of
the Nasdaq Stock Market. Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d), shareholder approval is required prior to the issuance of securities
in connection with a transaction other than a public offering involving the sale, issuance or potential issuance by the Company
of common stock (or securities convertible into or exercisable common stock) equal to 20% or more of the common stock outstanding
before the issuance for less than the greater of book or market value of the stock. Following receipt of shareholder approval,
the Company may issue an additional $8.1 million, up to an aggregate of $10 million, of common stock to Aspire Capital under the
Purchase Agreement. The issuance of shares of common stock that were issued from time to time to Aspire Capital under the First
Purchase Agreement and the Purchase Agreement were exempt from registration under the Securities Act, pursuant to the exemption
for transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. When
we elect to raise additional funds or additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through public
or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements or other financing alternatives,
as well as through sales of common stock to Aspire Capital under the First Purchase Agreement or the Purchase Agreement. Additional
equity or debt financing or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms, if at
all. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented from
pursuing acquisition, licensing, development and commercialization efforts and our ability to generate revenues and achieve or
sustain profitability will be substantially harmed. We
are currently exploring additional sources of capital; however, we do not know whether additional funding will be available on
acceptable terms, or at all, especially given the economic conditions that currently prevail. Furthermore, any additional equity
funding will likely result in significant dilution to existing stockholders, and, if we incur additional debt financing in the
future, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness,
thus limiting funds available for our business activities. If adequate funds are not available, it would have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations and could cause us to be required to cease operations.
Our financial statements include an opinion of our auditors that our recurring net losses and negative cash flows from operations
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 6 Our
independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We
have experienced significant net losses and sustained negative cash flows from operations. In the twelve months ended September
30, 2018, we incurred a net loss of $10.3 million and used cash for operating activities of $9.0 million. We had an accumulated
deficit of $85.2 million as of September 30, 2018. We expect to experience further significant net losses in 2018 and the foreseeable
future. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for at least the next twelve months
from the date of the issuance of the financial statements. As of and for the year ended September 30, 2018, our independent registered
public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph in their audit report raising substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to obtain adequate funding from this proposed offering or in the future, or if we
are unable to grow our revenue substantially to achieve and sustain profitability, amongst other factors, we may not be able to
continue as a going concern, and our shareholders may lose some or all of their investment in us. Risks
Relating to this Offering We
will need to raise substantial additional capital in the future to fund our operations and we may be unable to raise such funds
when needed and on acceptable terms. We
had approximately $3.3 million in cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2018. Net cash used in operating activities was $9.0
million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional capital
after we exhaust our current cash. The
extent to which we utilize the Purchase Agreement with Aspire Capital as a source of funding will depend on a number of factors,
including the prevailing market price of our Common Stock, the volume of trading in our Common Stock and the extent to which we
are able to secure funds from other sources. The number of shares that we may sell to Aspire Capital under the Purchase Agreement
on any given day and during the term of the agreement is limited. See “The Aspire Capital Transactions” section of
this prospectus for additional information. Additionally, we and Aspire Capital may not effect any sales of shares of our Common
Stock under the Purchase Agreement during the continuance of an event of default or on any trading day that the closing sale price
of our Common Stock is less than $0.50 per share. Even if we are able to access the full $10 million available in the aggregate
under the Purchase Agreement, we will still need additional capital to fully implement our business, operating and development
plans. When
we elect to raise additional funds or additional funds are required, we may raise such funds from time to time through public
or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements or other financing alternatives,
as well as through sales of Common Stock to Aspire Capital under the Purchase Agreement. Additional equity or debt financing or
corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise
additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented from pursuing acquisition, licensing,
development and commercialization efforts and our ability to generate revenues and achieve or sustain profitability will be substantially
harmed. If
we raise 