An investment in
    our common stock is speculative and involves substantial risks. You should read the “Risk Factors” section of
    this prospectus for a discussion of certain factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in shares of our common
    stock. Plan of Distribution The shares of common
    stock covered by this prospectus may be sold by the selling stockholder in the manner described under “Plan of Distribution.” OTC Markets Symbol “ENDV” ELPA We
entered into the ELPA with Calvary on May 18, 2020. Pursuant to the ELPA, Calvary committed to purchase up to $10,000,000 of our
common stock, over the course of 24 months. The obligations of Calvary as imposed by the terms of this agreement are non-transferrable.
The aggregate number of shares issuable by us and purchasable by Calvary under the ELPA pursuant to this prospectus is 3,685,516.
However, we anticipate that 771,926 of the shares covered by this prospectus will be granted to Cavalry as commitment shares under
the terms of the ELPA. To date, we have sold none of the available shares, but we have issued 385,963 commitment shares to Calvary. We
may draw on the facility from time to time, as and when we determine appropriate in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the ELPA. Generally the maximum amount that we are entitled to put in any one notice is 300,000 shares, although if the price
of our shares increases we are permitted to put a greater number of shares all according to formulas set forth in the ELPA. The
purchase price shall generally be set at eighty-five percent (85%) of the average closing price of our common stock prior to the
delivery of the put. There
are circumstances under which we will not be entitled to put shares to Calvary, including the following: ●
we will not be entitled to put shares to Calvary unless there is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act
to cover the resale of the shares by Calvary; ●
we will not be entitled to put shares to Calvary unless our common stock continues to be quoted on the OTCQB market, or becomes
listed on a national securities exchange; and ●
we will not be entitled to put shares to Calvary to the extent that such shares would cause Calvary’s beneficial ownership
(including ownership of any commitment shares in then holds) to exceed 4.99% of our outstanding shares. The
ELPA further provides that the Company and Calvary are each entitled to customary indemnification from the other for any losses
or liabilities we or it suffers as a result of any breach by the other of any provisions of the ELPA or our registration rights
agreement with Calvary, or as a result of any lawsuit brought by a third-party arising out of or resulting from the other party’s
execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the ELPA or the registration rights agreement. 6 The
ELPA also contains representations and warranties of each of the parties. The assertions embodied in those representations and
warranties were made for purposes of the ELPA and are subject to qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in connection
with negotiating the terms of the ELPA. In addition, certain representations and warranties were made as of a specific date, may
be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from what a stockholder or investor might view as material, or may
have been used for purposes of allocating risk between the respective parties rather than establishing matters as facts. In
connection with the preparation of the ELPA and the registration rights agreement, we agreed to pay Calvary’s attorney fees
of up to $25,000. Under
the terms of the ELPA we are required to pay at least 50% of the funds we receive from Puts to the holders of certain notes we
have previously issued. We are also required to ensure that none of the holders of these notes convert any of their notes at any
time that we are delivering Puts to Calvary. Registration
Rights Agreement Pursuant
to the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2020, between Calvary and us, we are obligated to file one
or more registration statements with the SEC to register the resale by Calvary of shares of common stock issued or issuable under
the ELPA including shares issued pursuant to puts and commitment shares. The aggregate number of shares registered prior to this
registration statement is zero. We have agreed that, in the event that this registration fails to register all of the shares necessary
to fulfill our contractual obligations, we will amend this statement and file new registration statements. This registration process
will continue until such time as all of the dollar amounts available under the credit line, using shares of common stock issuable
under the ELPA, have been registered for resale on effective registration statements. In no event will we be obligated to register
for resale more than $10,000,000 in value of shares of common stock. RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider the risks described below and the other information
contained in this prospectus carefully before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could
decline, and you could lose a part or all of your investment. RISK
FACTORS An
investment our common stock is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. The risk factors described below summarize
some of the material risks inherent in an investment in us. These risk factors are not presented in any particular order of significance.
Each prospective investor should carefully consider the following risk factors inherent in and affecting our business and the
Offering before making an investment decision. You should also refer to the other information set forth in this Prospectus and
to the risk factors in our SEC filings. Risks
Relating to our Financial Condition We
are a company with a limited operating history and have not generated significant revenues to date. We may never generate significant
revenues. Our predecessor company, Hanover Asset Management, Inc. was incorporated in November 2008 in California. For the purpose
of reincorporating in Delaware, we merged with a newly incorporated successor company, now called Endonovo Therapeutics, Inc.,
in July 2011. We have incurred losses since our inception. As of December 31, 2019, we had a total accumulated deficit of $(52,934,786	)
and as of March 31, 2020 we had a total accumulated deficit of $(48,596,368). While we have begun to realize revenues from the
sale of SofPulse® devices, it is impossible for us meaningfully project the revenue levels that might be achieved or whether
and when we might become profitable. In order to increase the market of our devices and to capitalize on the potential of our
intellectual property, we must conduct clinical trials, obtain FDA approvals and seek recognition of our therapies within the
healthcare industry including third party payors. We must also attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. There can be
no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could lead to an inability to meet
our financial obligations and therefore result in bankruptcy and the loss of your entire investment in our common shares. 7 Our
internal controls are not effective, which could cause our financial reporting to be unreliable and lead to misinformation being
disseminated to the public. Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f), internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the principal
executive and principal financial officer and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements. We
currently have a limited executive management group managing the financial controls of the Company. We
have a Chief Executive Officer, Alan Collier, who is responsible for monitoring and ensuring compliance with our internal control
procedures. As a result, our internal controls may be inadequate or ineffective, which could cause our financial reporting to
be unreliable and lead to misinformation being disseminated to the public. Investors relying upon the reporting may make an uninformed
investment decision. Risks
Relating to our Business and our Industry We
may encounter numerous difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stage of operations. We
have a limited operating history upon which an investor can evaluate our current business and future prospects. Any potential
investor must consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies. Historically, there has been
a high failure rate among early-stage companies. Our future performance will depen