Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider
the risks described below, together with the other information in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could suffer. As a result,
the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Risks Related to Our
Business The majority of our sales are derived from international operations. We are subject to specific risks associated with international
operations. In the first nine months of 2007, we derived approximately 66% of our sales from operations outside of the U.S. with
manufacturing facilities in seven countries. Sales from international operations, export sales and the use of manufacturing facilities outside of the U.S. are subject to risks inherent in doing business outside the U.S. These risks include: Ÿ economic instability; Ÿ partial or total expropriation of our international assets; Ÿ trade protection measures, including tariffs or import-export restrictions; Ÿ currency exchange rate fluctuations and restrictions on currency repatriation; Ÿ significant adverse changes in taxation policies or other laws or regulations; and Ÿ the disruption of operations from political disturbances, terrorist activities, insurrection or war. Significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates may harm our financial results. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. In the first nine months of 2007, approximately 66% of our sales were denominated in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We do not engage to a material extent in hedging activities intended to offset the risk of exchange rate fluctuations. Any significant change in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do
business against the U.S. dollar could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which, in turn, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. A significant portion of our revenues and income are denominated in Euros and Swedish Kronor. Consequently, depreciation of the Euro or Krona against the
U.S. dollar has a negative impact on the income from operations of our European operations. Large fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the Euro, the Krona and the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition. We are dependent on the availability of raw materials, as well as parts and components used in our products. While we manufacture many of the parts and components used in our products, we require substantial amounts of raw materials and purchase some parts
and components from suppliers. The availability and prices for raw materials, parts and components may be subject to curtailment or change due to, among other things, suppliers’ allocations to other purchasers, interruptions in production by
suppliers, changes in exchange rates and prevailing price levels. Any change in the supply of, or price for, these raw materials or parts and components could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
In addition, delays in delivery of components or raw materials by our suppliers could cause delays in our delivery of products to our customers. 10 Table of Contents The markets we serve are highly competitive and some of our competitors may have resources superior to ours.
Responding to this competition could reduce our operating margins. We sell most of our products in highly fragmented and competitive
markets. We believe that the principal elements of competition in our markets are: Ÿ the ability to meet customer specifications; Ÿ application expertise and design and engineering capabilities; Ÿ product quality and brand name; Ÿ timeliness of delivery; Ÿ price; and Ÿ quality of aftermarket sales and support. In order to maintain and enhance our competitive position, we intend to continue our investment in manufacturing quality, marketing, customer service and support and distribution networks. We may not have sufficient resources to continue to
make these investments and we may not be able to maintain our competitive position. Our competitors may develop products that are superior to our products, develop methods of more efficiently and effectively providing products and services or adapt
more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, marketing and research and development resources than we have. As a result, those competitors may be better able to
withstand the effects of periodic economic downturns. In addition, pricing pressures could cause us to lower the prices of some of our products to stay competitive. We may not be able to compete successfully with our existing competitors or with new
competitors. If we fail to compete successfully, the failure would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Acquisitions have formed a significant part of our growth strategy in the past and are expected to continue to do so. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or integrate the businesses we acquire or realize the
intended benefits, our growth strategy may not succeed. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including risks related to integration and undisclosed liabilities. Historically, our business strategy has relied on acquisitions. We expect to derive a significant portion of our growth by acquiring businesses and integrating those businesses into our existing operations. We intend
to seek acquisition opportunities both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in our existing markets. However, our ability to do so will depend on a number of steps, including our ability to: Ÿ identify suitable acquisition candidates; Ÿ negotiate appropriate acquisition terms; Ÿ obtain financing that we may need to complete proposed acquisitions; Ÿ complete the proposed acquisitions; and Ÿ integrate the acquired business into our existing operations. If we fail to achieve any of these steps, our growth strategy may not be successful. In addition,
acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired company, the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company and the diversion
of our management’s attention from other business concerns. This is the case particularly in the fiscal quarters immediately following the completion of an acquisition because the 11 Table of Contents operations of the acquired business are integrated into the acquiring businesses’ operations during this period. We cannot be sure that we will
accurately anticipate all of the changing demands that any future acquisition may impose on our management, our operational and management information systems and our financial systems. Once integrated, acquired operations may not achieve levels of
revenue, profitability or productivity comparable with those that our existing operations achieve, or may otherwise not perform as we expected. We may fail to discover liabilities relating to a future acquisition during the due diligence investigation and we, as the successor owner, might be responsible for those liabilities. Although we seek to minimize the impact of potential
undiscovered liabilities by structuring acquisitions to minimize liabilities and obtaining indemnities and warranties from the selling party, these methods may not fully protect us from the impact of undiscovered liabilities. For example,
indemnities or warranties are often limited in scope, amount or duration, and may not fully cover the liabilities for which they were intended. If indemnities or warranties are limited, the liabilities that are not covered by the limited indemnities
or warranties could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We may require additional capital to finance our growth. If
the terms on which the additional capital is available are unsatisfactory or if the additional capital is not available at all, we may not be able to pursue our growth strategy. Our growth strategy will require additional capital investment to complete acquisitions, integrate the completed acquisitions into our existing
operations and to expand into new markets. We intend to pay for future acquisitions using a combination of cash, capital stock, notes and
assumption of indebtedness. To the extent that we do not generate sufficient cash internally to provide the capital we require to fund our growth strategy and future operations, we will require additional debt or equity financing. We cannot be sure
that this additional financing will be available or, if available, will be on terms acceptable to us. If we fail to obtain sufficient additional capital in the future, that failure will limit our ability to implement our business strategy. In
addition, even if future debt financing is available, it may result in (1) increased interest expense, (2) increased term loan payments, (3) increased leverage, and (4) decreased income available to fund further acquisitions and
expansion. It may also limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures and make us more vulnerable to economic downturns. If future equity financing is available, it may dilute the equity interests of our existing stockholders. A material disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our ability to generate sales and meet customer demand. If operations at our manufacturing facilities were to be disrupted as a result of significant equipment failures, natural disasters, power outages,
fires, explosions, terrorism, adverse weather conditions or other reasons, our financial performance could be adversely a