You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other
information contained in this prospectus before purchasing our common shares.
Investing in our common shares involves a high degree of risk. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe
are immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the events
described in the following risks occur, our business, operating results and
financial condition could be significantly harmed. In addition, the trading
price of our common shares could decline due to any of the events described in
these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.

Risks related to Entegris.

The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, and an industry downturn would
harm our operating results.

   Our business depends on the purchasing patterns of semiconductor
manufacturers, which, in turn, depend on the current and anticipated demand for
semiconductors and products utilizing semiconductors. The semiconductor
industry is highly cyclical and historically has experienced periodic
downturns, which often have resulted in decreased expenditures by semiconductor
manufacturers. These downturns, which occurred most recently in 1996 and 1998,
have harmed our sales, gross profits and operating results. Furthermore, even
in periods of reduced demand, we must continue to maintain a satisfactory level
of research and development expenditures and continue to invest in our
infrastructure. We expect the semiconductor industry to continue to be
cyclical. Any future downturns will harm our operating results.

Our revenue and operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which could
harm our share price.

   Our sales and operating results can vary significantly from quarter to
quarter. We anticipate that these fluctuations will continue in the future due
to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Fluctuations in
our results could cause our share price to decline substantially. We believe
that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be
meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as indicators of our future
performance. Our sales and operating results in a particular quarter can vary
significantly due to a variety of factors, including the following:

  .  the timing of significant customer orders and customer spending
     patterns;

  .  changes in product mix;

  .  conditions in the semiconductor device, capital equipment and materials
     industries;

  .  competitive pricing pressures;

  .  availability of raw materials;

  .  the announcement of new products, product enhancements and technological
     developments by us and our competitors;

  .  general global economic conditions or economic conditions in a
     particular region; and

  .  costs we may incur if we become involved in future litigation.

   Accordingly, the results of any past period are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected in any future period. Further, we base our
current and future expense plans in part on our expectations of our long-term
future revenue. As a result, our expense levels are relatively fixed in the
short-term. An unanticipated decline in revenue in a particular quarter could
disproportionately affect our net income in that quarter. In addition, because
we typically do not have significant backlog, changes in order patterns have a
more immediate impact on our revenues.


                                       7 Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and our business may be
harmed if we are unable to successfully identify and develop new products or
respond to technological change.

   The microelectronics industry is subject to rapid technological change,
changing customer requirements and frequent new product introductions. Because
of this, the life cycle of our products is difficult to determine. Our future
success will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to keep pace with
changes in the market and on our ability to enhance our current products and
introduce new products. For example, we must continue to identify new polymers,
improve our product design and qualify our products with our customers. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully develop and introduce
new products and materials in a timely and cost-effective manner, that any
product enhancements or new products developed by us will gain market
acceptance or that products or technologies developed by others will not make
our products or technologies obsolete or less competitive. If we do not
anticipate or respond adequately to technological developments or customer
requirements, we could become less competitive and our business could be
harmed.

Our dependence on single and limited source suppliers could affect our ability
to manufacture our products.

   We rely on single and limited source suppliers for some of the advanced
polymers that are critical to the manufacturing of our products. At times, we
have experienced a limited supply of some of these polymers, which resulted in
delays and increased costs. An industry-wide increase in demand for these
polymers could affect the ability of our suppliers to provide sufficient
quantities to us. If we are unable to obtain an adequate quantity of such
supplies, our manufacturing operations may be interrupted. Obtaining
alternative sources could result in increased costs and shipping delays, which
could damage our relationships with current and potential customers and harm
our business and results of operations.

   Prices for polymers have varied widely in recent years. Although we have a
long-term contract with a key supplier of polymers, if that supply is
interrupted or our requirements exceed the contracted amounts of such
materials, we could be exposed to higher material costs. An increase in the
price of these materials could harm our operations.

Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key personnel.

   Our success depends upon the continued efforts of our senior management team
and our technical, manufacturing, marketing and sales personnel. These
employees may voluntarily terminate their employment with us at any time. Our
success also depends on our ability to attract and retain additional highly
qualified management, manufacturing, technical, marketing and sales personnel.
Competition for such personnel in the technology and semiconductor industries
is particularly intense. Recruiting and hiring employees with the combination
of skills and attributes required to conduct our business is extremely
competitive, time-consuming and expensive.

   Approximately one-third of our work force are participants in our Employee
Stock Ownership Plan, which held 20,385,514 of our common shares as of February
28, 2000. Following termination of employment, participants in the ESOP have
the right, as of the second August 31 following termination, to request
distribution of the Entegris shares allocated to their accounts. In addition,
the ESOP was recently amended to provide that, if this offering is successfully
completed, each ESOP participant may elect to receive an annual "in-service"
distribution of up to 10% of the shares in each of their accounts. The first
opportunity to elect an in-service distribution will be in May 2001. Except for
this annual in-service distribution election and the sale of approximately 12%
of the ESOP shares in this offering, a participant who remains an employee has
no right to control or receive the shares in that participant's account. The
significant value of the ESOP shares and the limited ability to obtain and
control these shares while employed may be important factors that many
employees might consider when determining whether to continue their employment
with us.


                                       8 We may not be able to successfully retain existing personnel or identify,
hire and integrate new personnel. If we lose the services of key personnel or
are unable to attract additional qualified personnel, our business, financial
condition and results of operations could be harmed. The U.S. economy's long
period of expansion and high rate of employment have increased the difficulty
of recruiting qualified manufacturing personnel, such as operators of our
manufacturing equipment. If a significant number of manufacturing personnel
were to voluntarily terminate their employment with us, our operations could be
impaired.

We need to successfully manage the anticipated expansion of our operations or
our business may be harmed.

   Consolidations and the expansion of our business have placed and will
continue to place significant demands on our managerial, financial and
technical resources. Entegris resulted from the consolidation in June 1999 of
Fluoroware and Empak, two companies that had been operating independently for
many years prior to the consolidation. Each company had its own business
culture, customers, employees, systems and geographically dispersed operations.
If we fail to successfully complete the integration of Fluoroware and Empak or
effectively manage future expansion, our business and our operating results
could be harmed.

We operate in the highly competitive semiconductor materials management
industry.

   We face substantial competition from a number of companies, some of which
have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing and technical resources. Our
industry is fragmented, but is consolidating. As a result, larger providers of
materials management solutions and products could emerge, with potentially
broader product lines. Larger competitors could spend more on research and
development, which could give those competitors an advantage in meeting
customer demand. We expect that existing and new competitors will improve the
design of their existing products and wil