This offering and an investment in our common stock involve a high degree of
risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other
information in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. Our
business and results of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the
following risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any
of these risks, and you might lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to Our Business

Our business model is new and unproven and we may not succeed in generating
sufficient revenue to sustain or grow our business.

   We were founded in June 1998. Except for fiber connectivity from our
telecommunication carriers, the construction of our first IBX center was
completed in July 1999. We began accepting customers the same month but did not
recognize any revenue until November 1999 as the sales cycle was not complete.
Our limited history and lack of meaningful financial or operating data makes
evaluating our operations and the proposed scale of our business difficult.
Moreover, the neutrality aspect of our business model is unique and largely
unproven. We expect that we will encounter challenges and difficulties
frequently experienced by early-stage companies in new and rapidly evolving
markets, such as our ability to generate cash flow, hire, train and retain
sufficient operational and technical talent, and implement our plan with
minimal delays. We may not successfully address any or all of these challenges
and the failure to do so would seriously harm our business plan and operating
results, and affect our ability to raise additional funds.

We have a history of losses, and we expect our operating expenses and losses to
increase significantly.

   As an early-stage company without recognized revenues, we have experienced
operating losses since inception. As of March 31, 2000, we had cumulative net
losses of $39.8 million and cumulative cash used by operating activities of
$14.9 million since inception. We expect to incur significant losses in the
future. In addition, as we commence operations, our losses will increase as we:

  . increase the number of IBX centers;

  . increase our sales and marketing activities, including expanding our
     direct sales force; and

  . enlarge our customer support and professional services organizations.

   As a result, we must significantly increase our revenues to become
profitable.

Because our ability to generate enough revenues to achieve profitability
depends on numerous factors, we may not become profitable.

   Our IBX centers may not generate sufficient revenue to achieve
profitability. Our ability to generate sufficient revenues to achieve
profitability will depend on a number of factors, including:

  . the timely completion of our IBX centers;

  . demand for space and services, including private interconnection
     services, at our IBX centers;

  . our pricing policies and the pricing policies of our competitors;

  . the timing of customer installations and related payments;

  . competition in our markets;

  . the timing and magnitude of our expenditures for sales and marketing;

  . direct costs relating to the expansion of our operations;

                                       5 . growth of Internet use;

  . governmental regulation;

  . conditions related to international operations;

  . economic conditions specific to the Internet industry; and

  . general economic factors.

We are substantially leveraged and we may not generate sufficient cash flow to
meet our debt service and working capital requirements.

   We are highly leveraged. We have total indebtedness of $213.7 million and we
expect to incur further debt to fund our IBX construction plans. Our highly
leveraged position could have important consequences, including:

  .  impairing our ability to obtain additional financing for working
     capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate
     purposes;

  .  requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our operating cash
     flow to paying principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby
     reducing the funds available for operations;

  .  limiting our ability to grow and make capital expenditures due to the
     financial covenants contained in our debt arrangements;

  .  impairing our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions,
     invest in new or developing technologies, or take advantage of
     significant business opportunities that may arise; and

  .  making us more vulnerable if a general economic downturn occurs or if
     our business experiences difficulties.

   In the past, we have experienced unforeseen delays in connection with our
IBX construction activities. We will need to successfully implement our
business strategy on a timely basis to meet our debt service and working
capital needs. We may not successfully implement our business strategy, and
even if we do, we may not realize the anticipated results of our strategy or
generate sufficient operating cash flow to meet our debt service obligations
and working capital needs.

   In the event our cash flow is inadequate to meet our obligations, we could
face substantial liquidity problems. If we are unable to generate sufficient
cash flow or otherwise obtain funds needed to make required payments under our
indebtedness, or if we breach any covenants under our indebtedness, we would be
in default under its terms and the holders of such indebtedness may be able to
accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness, which could cause defaults under
our other indebtedness.

If we do not obtain significant additional funds, we may not be able to
complete our rollout plan on a timely basis, or at all.

   Following this offering, we expect to have approximately $382.0 million in
unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We expect that
this will allow us to pursue 15 IBX projects. These projects are comprised of
eight centers, including our three current centers, and seven expansion
projects. If we cannot raise sufficient additional funds on acceptable terms or
funds under our proposed credit facility are unavailable to us or our losses
exceed our expectations, we may delay the rollout of our currently planned IBX
centers or permanently reduce our rollout plans. There can be no assurance that
we will enter into the proposed credit facility. Additional financing could
take the form of debt or equity. In the past, we have had difficulties
obtaining debt financing due to the early stage of our company's development.
Financing may not be available to us at the time we seek to raise additional
funds, or if such financing is available, it may only be available on terms, or
in amounts, which are unfavorable to us.

                                       6 The anticipated timing and amount of our capital requirements is forward-
looking and therefore inherently uncertain. In the past, we have experienced
unforeseen delays and expenses in connection with our IBX construction
activities. Our future capital requirements may vary significantly from what we
currently project, and the timing of our rollout plan may be affected by
unforeseen construction delays and expenses and the amount of time it takes us
to lease space within our IBX centers. If we encounter any of these problems or
if we have underestimated our capital expenditure requirements or the operating
losses or working capital requirements, we may require significantly more
financing than we currently anticipate.

Our rollout plan is preliminary and we may need to alter our plan and
reallocate funds.

   Our IBX center rollout plan is preliminary and has been developed from our
current market data and research, projections and assumptions. If we are able
to secure additional financing, we expect to pursue additional IBX projects and
to reconsider the timing and approach to IBX projects. We expect to continually
reevaluate our business and rollout plan in light of evolving competitive and
market conditions and the availability of suitable sites, financing and
customer demand. As a result, we may alter our IBX center rollout and
reallocate funds, or eliminate segments of our plan entirely if there are:

  . changes or inaccuracies in our market data and research, projections or
    assumptions;

  . unexpected results of operations or strategies in our target markets;

  . regulatory, technological, and competitive developments, including
    additional market developments and new opportunities; or

  . changes in, or discoveries of, specific market conditions or factors
    favoring expedited development in other markets.

Our results of operations may be harmed by charges associated with our issuance
of performance-based warrants.

   The underlying shares of common stock associated with the performance-based
warrants issued by us to AT&T, Bechtel and WorldCom are required under
applicable accounting guidelines to be revalued at each balance sheet date to
reflect their current fair value until the holder's performance commitment to
us is complete. Any resulting increase in the fair value of the underlying
shares of common stock would be recorded as a leasehold improvement, reducing
our earnings through the depreciation of the related asset or potential
impairment write-down. See Notes 2, 6 and 11 of "Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements."

We rely upon Bechtel and suitable site availability to complete our IBX center
rollout plans on time.

   We have agreed to exclusively use Bechtel Corporation as our contractor to
provide program management, site identification and evaluation and construction
services to build approximately 29 projects over a four-year period under
mutually agreed upon guaranteed completion dates. Problems in our relationship
with Bechtel could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve our
business objectives on a timely and cost-effective basis. Ther