” for information regarding some of the risks inherent in our and ETP’s businesses. Overview General . We are a Delaware limited partnership. In addition to directly owning approximately 33% of Energy Transfer Partners’ outstanding common units, we indirectly own and control the general partner of ETP,
through which we hold the 2% general partnership interest and 50% of the incentive distribution rights in ETP. ETP is a publicly traded limited partnership that is primarily engaged in the natural gas midstream, transportation and storage business
and also has a national retail propane business. ETP has
increased its quarterly distribution on its common units 16 times since its initial public offering in 1996. On September 2, 2005, ETP increased its quarterly distribution to $0.50 per unit of ETP per quarter for the quarter ended August 31, 2005
(or $2.00 per unit of ETP on an annualized basis). Under ETP’s current capital structure, a distribution of $0.50 per unit will result in a quarterly distribution to us of approximately $26.4 million, consisting of $18.2 million in respect of
our ownership of ETP’s common units, $1.5 million in respect of our indirect ownership of the 2% general partner interest in ETP, and $6.7 million in respect of our indirect ownership of 50% of ETP’s incentive distribution rights. We
forecast that our partnership interests in ETP will generate $105.4 million in cash to us for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2006, assuming a $2.00 per unit annual distribution. Our primary business objective is to increase our cash distributions to our unitholders by actively assisting ETP in
executing its business strategy. We intend to support ETP in implementing its business strategy by assisting ETP in identifying, evaluating, and pursuing growth opportunities. In the future, we may also support the growth of ETP through the use of
our capital resources, which could involve loans, capital contributions or other forms of credit support to ETP. This funding could be used for the acquisition by ETP of a business or asset or for an internal growth project. In addition, the
availability of this capital could assist ETP in arranging financing for a project, reducing its financing costs or otherwise supporting a merger or acquisition transaction. ETP’s primary objective is to increase the level of its cash distributions over time by pursuing a business strategy
that is currently focused on growing its intrastate natural gas midstream business (including transportation, gathering, compression, treating, processing, storage and marketing) and its national propane business through, among other things,
pursuing construction and expansion opportunities relating to its existing infrastructure and acquiring additional businesses or assets. Our aggregate partnership interests in ETP consist of the following: • the 2% general partner interest in ETP, which we own through our ownership interests in Energy Transfer Partners GP; • 50% of the outstanding incentive distribution rights in ETP, which we own through our ownership of equity interests in Energy Transfer Partners GP; and • approximately 36.4 million common units of ETP (including 3.64 million common units of ETP which we will purchase at the closing of the offering), all of which we hold directly. 72 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The following table sets forth the distributions that we have received from ETP during the periods
indicated and reflects our partnership interests, including our incentive distribution rights, as of the dates indicated after giving effect to our current structure. Cash Distributions Received by Us from ETP Year Ended August 31, 2004 Nine Months Ended May 31, 2005 (in thousands) Distributions on ETP common units held by us $ 20,411 $ 41,693 Distributions from ownership interest in the ETP general partner 1,392 3,062 Distributions from ETP incentive distribution rights 1,811 8,756 Total $ 23,614 $ 53,511 Factors That
Significantly Affect our Results. Our only cash-generating assets currently consist of our partnership interests in ETP. Therefore, our cash flow and resulting ability to make distributions initially will be completely dependent upon the
ability of ETP to make distributions in respect of those interests and rights. The actual amount of cash that ETP will have available for distribution will primarily depend on the amount of cash it generates from operations. ETP’s results from the midstream segment are determined primarily by the
volumes of natural gas gathered, compressed, treated, processed, purchased and sold through ETP’s pipeline and gathering systems and the level of natural gas and NGL prices. ETP generates its midstream revenues and gross margins principally
under fee-based arrangements or other arrangements. Under fee-based arrangements, it receives a fee for natural gas gathering, compressing, treating or processing services. The revenue it earns from these arrangements is directly related to the
volume of natural gas that flows through its systems and is not directly dependent on commodity prices. The terms of its contracts vary based upon gas quality conditions, the competitive environment at the time the contracts are signed and customer
requirements. Many of these contracts remain in effect for several years. The contract mix may change as a result of changes in producer preferences, expansion in regions where some types of contracts are more common and other market factors. Results from ETP’s transportation and storage segment are
determined primarily by the amount of capacity its customers reserve as well as the actual volume of natural gas that flows through its transportation pipelines. Under transportation contracts, ETP charges its customers (1) a demand fee, which is a
fixed fee for the reservation of an agreed amount of capacity on the transportation pipeline for a specified period of time and which obligates the customer to pay ETP even if the customer does not transport natural gas on the respective pipeline,
(2) a transportation fee, which is based on the actual throughput of natural gas by the customer, or (3) a fuel retention based on a percentage of gas transported on the pipeline, or a combination of the three, generally payable monthly. The
transportation and storage segment also generates its revenues and margin from the sale of natural gas to electric utilities, independent power plants, local distribution companies, industrial end-users, and other marketing companies on the Houston
Pipeline System. ETP’s propane-related segments are
margin-based businesses in which gross profits depend on the excess of sales price over propane supply cost. The market price of propane is often subject to volatile changes as a result of supply or other market conditions over which ETP has no
control. Product supply contracts are one-year agreements subject to annual renewal and generally permit suppliers to charge posted prices (plus transportation costs) at the time of delivery or the current prices established at major delivery
points. In particular, ETP’s propane distribution business is largely seasonal and dependent upon weather conditions in its service areas. In addition, the actual amount of cash that ETP will have available for distribution will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on many additional
factors, including: • fluctuations in cash flow generated by ETP’s operating activities; 73 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • the level of capital expenditures ETP makes; • the cost of capital used to fund any acquisitions; • debt service requirements; • fluctuations in working capital needs; • restrictions on distributions contained in ETP’s credit facility and senior notes; • ETP’s ability to borrow under its working capital facility to make distributions; • prevailing economic conditions; and • the amount, if any, of cash reserves established by ETP’s general partner in its discretion for the proper conduct of its business. Ability to Independently Pursue Opportunities. In addition to
assisting ETP in identifying, evaluating and pursuing growth opportunities, we may separately pursue opportunities to acquire businesses or construct assets when, for example, these opportunities: • do not fit within ETP’s then-current strategy; • arise at a time when ETP has capital constraints in its credit agreements or other reasons; or • are not economically justified for ETP at the time. A transaction might not be economically justified for ETP, if, for example, the expected timing of the cash flow from the project, the level of cash flow
accretion during the early stages of the project or the anticipated capital costs of the project would adversely impact ETP’s ability to make cash distributions. If we pursue such a project, our results of operations and ability to make
distributions to our common unitholders could be negatively impacted. If we are successful in independently pursuing a project, we may offer to transfer or may sell the project to ETP if the project is complementary to ETP’s then-current strategy or operations. If the project is not complementary to
ETP’s strategy and operations or ETP elects not to purchase the project form us, we may retain the project for further development and subsequent sale or, alternatively, sell the project to another company. The opportunities that we pursue that
are not complementary to ETP’s strategy or operations may include opportunities to acquire a business or construct an asset in geographic areas where ETP does not desire to operate, or opportunities to acquire a business or construct an asset
that would not be complementary with the natural gas gathering, transportation and storage or retail propane businesses of ETP. Financial Presentation. We reflect our ownership interest in ETP on a consolidated basis, which means that our financial results are
combined with ETP’s financial results and the results of our other subsid