Investing in our
common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together
with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before
investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition, operating results
and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline, and you
could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business We are a specialty
pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, and it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business .
We are a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in April 2017 and have not commenced revenue-producing operations. To date,
our operations have consisted of the preliminary formulation, testing and development of our initial product candidates. Our limited
operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our initial product candidates or our prospective operations.
As an early stage company, we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization, financing, expenditures, complications
and delays in a new business. Further, biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking, involves a substantial
degree of risk, and is a capital-intensive business. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties,
delays and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of development, especially clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
companies such as ours. Potential investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties that a company with a limited
operating history will face. In particular, potential investors should consider that we may be unable to: ● successfully implement
                                         or execute our current business plan, or develop a business plan that is sound; ● successfully complete
                                         clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of our product candidates; ● successfully contract
                                         for the manufacture of our clinical drug products and establish a commercial drug supply; ● secure market exclusivity
                                         or adequate intellectual property protection for our product candidates; ● attract and retain
                                         an experienced management and advisory team; or ● raise sufficient funds
                                         in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan, including clinical development,
                                         regulatory approval and commercialization for our product candidates. Investors should evaluate
an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing companies in a competitive environment. There can
be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. If we cannot successfully
execute any one of the foregoing, our business may not succeed and your investment will be adversely affected. We have a history
of significant operating losses and anticipate continued operating losses for the foreseeable future. From our inception
in April 2017 through December 31, 2017 and for the three months ended March 31, 2018, we incurred a net loss of $7.2 million
and $3.0 million, respectively, and our operations used $4.7 million and $1.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, respectively.
Following completion of this offering, we expect to incur substantial expenses without any corresponding revenues unless and until
we are able to obtain regulatory approval and successfully commercialize a product candidate. We expect to incur significant expense
to complete our clinical programs for our product candidates in the United States and elsewhere. We may never be able to obtain
regulatory approval for the marketing of our product candidates in any indication in the United States or internationally. Even
if we are able to commercialize our product candidates, there can be no assurance that we will generate significant revenues or
ever achieve profitability. 6 We expect to have
significant research, regulatory and development expenses as we advance our product candidates. As a result, we expect to incur
substantial losses for the foreseeable future, and these losses will be increasing. We are uncertain when or if we will be able
to achieve or sustain profitability. If we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in
subsequent periods. Failure to become and remain profitable may impair our ability to sustain operations and adversely affect
our business and our ability to raise capital. If we are unable to generate positive cash flow within a reasonable period of time,
we may be unable to further pursue our business plan or continue operations, in which case you may lose your entire investment. The report
of our independent registered public accounting firm as of and for the period ended December 31, 2017 states that due to our
accumulated deficit and negative operating cash flows and potential redemption demands under our redeemable convertible
preferred stock there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We expect we
will need additional financing to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available
on reasonable terms or at all. As of March 31, 2018, we had total assets of $11.7 million and working capital of $10.4
million. We believe that we require a minimum of $10 million of additional capital in order to fund our current business
plan over, at least, the 12 months following the date of this prospectus, including the securing of regulatory approval and commencement commercial sales of at least one drug product candidate.
We have undertaken this initial public offering of our common shares to acquire the necessary capital. However, we may require
additional capital, the receipt of which there can be no assurance. In the event we require additional capital, we will endeavor
to seek additional funds through various financing sources, including the sale of our equity and debt securities, licensing fees
for our technology and joint ventures with industry partners. In addition, we will consider alternatives to our current business
plan that may enable to us to achieve revenue producing operations and meaningful commercial success with a smaller amount of
capital. However, there can be no guarantees that such funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If
such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to further pursue our business plan and we may be unable
to continue operations, in which case you may lose your entire investment. We will need
to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth . As our development and
commercialization plans and strategies develop, we will need to expand the size of our employee and consultant/contractor base.
Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit,
maintain, motivate and integrate additional employees. In addition, our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount
of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities.
Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and any other future product candidates
and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our future growth. If we are not
successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy.
In addition, the loss of the services of our senior management would adversely impact our business prospects . Our management
team has expertise in many different aspects of drug development and commercialization. However, our ability to compete in the
highly competitive pharmaceuticals industry depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial,
scientific and medical personnel. We will need to hire additional personnel as we further develop our product candidates. Competition
for skilled personnel in our market is intense and competition for experienced scientists may limit our ability to hire and retain
highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific
and medical teams may terminate their employment with us on short notice. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers
or other key employees, or our inability to hire targeted executives, could potentially harm our business, operating results or
financial condition. In particular, we believe that the loss of the services of our chief executive officer would have a material
adverse effect on our business. Other pharmaceutical
companies with which we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles, and
a longer history in the industry than we do. They also may provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement.
Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we have to offer. If we are unable to
continue to attract and retain high-quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize product
candidates would be limited. 7 If product liability
lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to li