RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES We
may in the future issue more shares which could cause a loss of control by our present management and current stockholders. We
may issue further shares as consideration for the cash or assets or services out of our authorized but unissued common stock that
would, upon issuance, represent a majority of the voting power and equity of our Company. The result of such an issuance would
be those new stockholders and management would control our Company, and persons unknown could replace our management at this time.
Such an occurrence would result in a greatly reduced percentage of ownership of our Company by our current shareholders, which
could present significant risks to investors. We
have not paid dividends but may in the future. We
have not paid dividends on our common stock. While we intend to pay dividends in future after allocating adequate reserves, we
do not guarantee, commit and undertake that dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. The
regulation of penny stocks by SEC and FINRA may discourage the tradability of our securities. We
are a “penny stock” company. None of our securities currently trade in any market and, if ever available for trading,
will be subject to a Securities and Exchange Commission rule that imposes special sales practice requirements upon broker-dealers
who sell such securities to persons other than established customers or Accredited Investors. For purposes of the rule, the phrase
“Accredited Investors” means, in general terms, institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000, or individuals having
a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or having an annual income that exceeds $200,000 (or that, when combined with a spouse’s
income, exceeds $300,000). For transactions covered by the rule, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination
for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction prior to the sale. Effectively, this
discourages broker-dealers from executing trades in penny stocks. Consequently, the rule will affect the ability of purchasers
of our stock to sell their securities in any market that might develop therefore because it imposes additional regulatory burdens
on penny stock transactions. In
addition, the Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted a number of rules to regulate “penny stocks”. Such rules
include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6, 15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. Because our securities constitute “penny stocks” within the meaning of the rules, the rules would apply
to us and to our securities. The rules will further affect the ability of owners of shares to sell our securities in any market
that might develop for them because it imposes additional regulatory burdens on penny stock transactions. Shareholders
should be aware that, according to Securities and Exchange Commission, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years
from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers
that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales
and false and misleading press releases; (iii) “boiler room” practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic
price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling
broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated
to a desired consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock
market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate
in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being
established with respect to our securities. Our
common stock market prices may be volatile, which substantially increases the risk that investors may not be able to sell their
Securities at or above the price that was paid for the security. Because
of the limited trading market for our common stock and because of the possible price volatility, shareholders may not be able
to sell their shares of common stock when desired. The inability to sell Securities in a rapidly declining market may substantially
increase the risk of loss because of such illiquidity and because the price for our Securities may suffer greater declines because
of our price volatility. 22 Certain
factors, some of which are beyond our control, that may cause our share price to fluctuate significantly include, but are not
limited to the following: ●
variations in our quarterly operating results; ●
loss of a key relationship or failure to complete significant transactions; ●
additions or departures of key personnel; and ●
fluctuations in stock market price and volume. Additionally,
in recent years the stock market in general, and the personal care markets in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations. In some cases, these fluctuations are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the underlying
company. These market and industry factors may materially and adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating performance.
In the past, class action litigation often has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price
of those companies common stock. If we become involved in this type of litigation in the future, it could result in substantial
costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could have a further negative effect on shareholders’ investments
in our stock. Because
we may issue additional shares of our common stock, investment in our company could be subject to substantial dilution: Investors’
interests in our Company will be diluted and investors may suffer dilution in their net book value per share when we issue additional
shares. We are authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share. As of the date hereof there
are 51,633,400 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. We anticipate that all or at least some of our future funding,
if any, will be in the form of equity financing from the sale of our common stock. If we do sell more common stock, investors’
investment in our company will likely be diluted. Dilution is the difference between what investors pay for their stock and the
net tangible book value per share immediately after the additional shares are sold by us. If dilution occurs, any investment in
our company’s common stock could seriously decline in value. Trading
in our common stock on the OTCQB Exchange has been subject to wide fluctuations: Our
common stock is currently quoted for public trading on the OTCQB Exchange. The trading price of our common stock has been subject
to wide fluctuations. Trading prices of our common stock may fluctuate in response to a number of factors, many of which will
be beyond our control. The stock market has generally experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies with limited business operation. There can be no assurance that
trading prices and price earnings ratios previously experienced by our common stock will be matched or maintained. These broad
market and industry factors may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.
In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class-action litigation
has often been instituted. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs for us and a diversion of management’s
attention and resources. Nevada
law, our Articles of Incorporation and our by-laws provides for the indemnification of our officers and directors at our expense,
and correspondingly limits their liability, which may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our shareholders
because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors: Our
Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws include provisions that eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages
to the fullest extent possible under the laws of the State of Nevada or other applicable law. These provisions eliminate the liability
of our directors and our shareholders for monetary damages arising out of any violation of a director of his fiduciary duty of
due care. Under Nevada law, however, such provisions do not eliminate the personal liability of a director for (i) breach of the
director’s duty of loyalty, (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or knowing violation
of law, (iii) payment of dividends or repurchases of stock other than from lawfully available funds, or (iv) any transaction from
which the director derived an improper benefit. These provisions do not affect a director’s liabilities under the federal
securities laws or the recovery of damages by third parties. 23 We
do not intend to pay cash dividends on any investment in the shares of stock of our Company and any gain on an investment in our
Company will need to come through an increase in our stock’s price, which may never happen: We
have never paid any cash dividends and currently do not intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. To the extent
that we require additional funding currently not provided for, our funding sources may prohibit the payment of a dividend. Because
we do not currently intend to declare dividends, any gain on an investment in our company will need to come through an increase
in the stock’s price. This may never happen and i