You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all
of the other information included in this prospectus, before buying shares in
this offering.

                         Risks Related to Our Business

If we cannot integrate the operations of companies we acquire, our business and
financial condition will be adversely affected.

   To implement our strategy of growing through acquisitions, we need to:

  .  retain key management and personnel of acquired companies;

  .  successfully merge corporate cultures and business processes;

  .  realize sales efficiencies and cost reduction benefits; and

  .  operate successfully in markets in which we may have little or no prior
     experience.

   In addition, after we have completed an acquisition, our management must be
able to assume significantly greater responsibilities, and this in turn may
cause them to divert their attention from our existing operations. If we are
unable to completely integrate into our business the operations of the
companies that we have recently acquired or that we may acquire in the future,
our business and financial condition will be adversely affected.

Because we have no operating history as a combined company, we face risks
generally associated with combining business enterprises.

   We acquired LCG on April 20, 2000, and we will acquire Z-Spanish Media
concurrently with the closing of this offering. Because we have never operated
as a combined company, we face risks generally associated with combining
business enterprises. When considering our prospects, investors must consider
the risks, expenses and difficulties encountered by companies in their early
stages of combined operations, including possible disruptions and
inefficiencies associated with rapid growth and workplace expansion. In
addition, our lack of operating history as a combined company makes it
difficult to evaluate our current business and prospects or to accurately
predict our future revenue or results of operations.

If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business and financial
condition will be adversely affected.

   We have significantly increased our business within a short period of time
through our acquisition of LCG and our pending acquisition of Z-Spanish Media.
As a result of these acquisitions, our number of full-time employees grew from
544 as of December 31, 1999 to approximately 1,100 as of March 31, 2000. If we
are to grow successfully, we must:

  .  attract and retain qualified personnel;

  .  effectively implement new operational systems, procedures and controls;

  .  improve our administrative and financial systems; and

  .  manage relationships with various advertisers.

   In particular, we believe that our future success will depend on our ability
to hire, train and retain highly-skilled personnel. Competition for quality
personnel is intense in our business. We may not be able to accomplish any of
these requirements, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, our rapid growth
currently and in the future could significantly strain our management and other
resources.

                                       10 We have a history of losses that if continued into the future could adversely
affect the market price of our Class A common stock and our ability to raise
capital.

   We had net losses of approximately $2.3 million and $38.6 million for the
years ended December 31, 1998 and 1999. In addition, we had a pro forma net
loss of $122.7 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, after giving
effect to our acquisition of LCG and our pending acquisition of Z-Spanish
Media. We believe losses may continue while we pursue our acquisition strategy
and expand our radio network. Our inability to generate profits could adversely
affect the market price of our Class A common stock, which in turn could
adversely affect our ability to raise additional equity capital or to incur
additional debt.

If our strategy to grow through acquisition is limited by competition for
suitable media properties, or by other factors we cannot control, it could
adversely affect our future rate of growth.

   We intend to pursue acquisitions of additional media properties as our
management believes appropriate. In order for us to succeed with this strategy,
we must be effective at quickly evaluating markets, accessing the capital
markets and obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals, including approvals
of the Federal Communications Commission, or the FCC, and the Department of
Justice, or the DOJ. We compete with many other buyers for target properties.
Some of those competitors have more money and resources than we do. We may not
succeed in making additional acquisitions. Also, our strategy includes buying
underperforming media properties and using our experience to improve their
performance. Thus, any likely benefit from any property we buy will be over
time, rather than immediately, and we may need to pay large initial costs for
these improvements.

If we cannot raise required capital, it may have a material adverse effect on
our business and our ability to grow through acquisitions.

   We may require significant additional capital for future acquisitions and
general working capital needs. If our cash flow and existing working capital
are not sufficient to fund our general working capital requirements and debt
service, we will have to raise additional funds by selling equity, refinancing
some or all of our existing debt or selling assets or subsidiaries. Capital
markets are volatile and uncertain, and we may not be able to gain access to
these markets to raise additional capital. Consequently, none of these
alternatives for raising additional funds may be available on acceptable terms
to us or in amounts sufficient for us to meet our requirements. Our failure to
obtain any required new financing may have a material adverse effect on our
business and our ability to grow through acquisitions.

Our substantial level of debt and the terms of our Series A preferred stock
could limit our ability to grow and compete.

   After repaying some of our outstanding indebtedness with a portion of the
proceeds from this offering, we will have approximately $200 million of debt
outstanding under our bank credit facilities, and $90 million of Series A
mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock. We expect to obtain a
portion of our required capital through debt financing that bears or is likely
to bear interest at a variable rate, subjecting us to interest rate risk.

   Our substantial level of debt could have several important consequences,
including the following:

  . a significant portion of our cash flow from operations will be dedicated
    to servicing our debt obligations and will not be available for
    operations, future business opportunities or other purposes;

  . our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working
    capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other
    purposes may be limited; and

                                       11 . our substantial debt could make us more vulnerable to economic downturns,
    limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures and reduce our
    flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions.

   Our ability to satisfy all of our debt obligations depends upon our future
operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions
and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our
control. We may not have sufficient future cash flow to meet our debt payments,
or we may not be able to refinance any of our debt at maturity. We have pledged
substantially all of our assets to our lenders as collateral. Our lenders could
proceed against the collateral granted to them to repay outstanding
indebtedness if we are unable to meet our debt service obligations. If the
amounts outstanding under the bank credit facility are accelerated, our assets
may not be sufficient to repay in full the money owed to such lenders.

The terms of our credit agreements restrict the decisions we can make about our
business.

   Our bank credit facilities contains covenants that restrict, among other
things, our ability to:

  . incur additional indebtedness;

  . pay dividends;

  . make acquisitions or investments; and

  . merge, consolidate or sell assets.

   Our bank credit facilities also require us to maintain specific financial
ratios. A breach of any of the covenants contained in our bank credit
facilities could allow our lenders to declare all amounts outstanding under the
bank credit facilities to be immediately due and payable.

Following this offering, our executive officers will have control over our
business, which may discourage a merger or sale of our company.

   Following this offering, Walter F. Ulloa, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, Philip C. Wilkinson, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and
Paul A. Zevnik, our Secretary, will own all of the shares of our Class B common
stock, and will have approximately 80% of the combined voting power of our
outstanding shares of common stock. The holders of our Class B common stock are
entitled to ten votes per share on any matter subject to a vote of the
stockholders. Accordingly, Messrs. Ulloa, Wilkinson and Zevnik will have the
ability to elect each of the remaining members of our board of directors, other
than the two members of our board of directors to be appointed by Univision,
and will have control of our policies and affairs. Messrs. Ulloa, Wilkinson and
Zevnik have agreed contractually to elect themselves, Amador S. Bustos and a
representative of TSG Capital Fund III, L.P. as directors of our company. This
control may discourage certain types of transactions involving an actual or
potential change of control of our company, such as a merger or sale of ou