An
    investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See the section entitled “Risk Factors” of this prospectus. The
number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 1,727,690 shares of common stock outstanding as
of March 31, 2023 and excludes as of such date: ● 4,843
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of March 31, 2023, at a weighted-average exercise
    price of $7,900 per share; 556 shares of stock options were forfeited after March 31, 2023, at a weighted-average exercise price
    of $14,390 per share; ● 3,180,282
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding as of March 31, 2023 at a weighted-average exercise price
    of $35.70 per share; 122,741 shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise of warrants after March 31, 2023; ● 615,384
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants granted after March 31, 2023 with a weighted-average exercise price
    of $1.25 per share; ● 76,407,245
    shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of principal and accrued interest underlying issued and outstanding convertible notes
    assuming a weighted-average conversion price of $1.64 per share, assuming a conversion date of March 31, 2023; ● 14,238,827
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of rights to receive common stock outstanding as of March 31, 2023; 458,600
    shares of common stock issued in connection with the exercise of rights after March 31, 2023; ● 15,218,227
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of rights increased after March 31, 2023 with a weighted-average exercise price
    of $0.8125 per share; ● 4,769
    shares of common stock reserved for future awards under the Amended and Restated Evofem Biosciences, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan; ● 575
    shares of common stock reserved for future awards under the Amended 2018 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan; and ● 509
    shares of common stock reserved for future awards under the 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 7 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should consider
carefully the risks and uncertainties described below and in the section captioned “Risk Factors” contained in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on April 27, 2023, and other filings we make with
the SEC from time to time. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow
could suffer materially. In such event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements We
are currently in Default of the Securities Purchase and Security Agreement with Baker Brothers. On
March 7, 2023, Baker Bros. Advisors, LP (the Designated Agent) provided a Notice of Event of Default and Reservation of Rights (the Notice
of Default) relating to the Securities Purchase and Security Agreement dated April 23, 2020, and subsequently amended (SPA), by and amount
the Company, Designated Agent, the Guarantors and Baker Purchasers. The Notice of Default claims that the Company has failed to maintain
the “Required Reserve Amount” as required by Section 2.7 of the Third Amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement and
Section 8.1(e) of the SPA. The Designated Agent claims such failure constitutes an immediate Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.1(e)
of the SPA. The Designated Agent, at the direction of the Baker Purchasers, has accelerated repayment of the outstanding balance payable
and elected its remedies pursuant to Section 5.07(b) of the Securities Purchase Agreement. As a result, approximately $92.7 million
representing two times the sum of the outstanding balance and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon and all other amounts due under
the SPA and other documents is due and payable within three business days of receipt of the Notice of Default. As of the date of the
filing of this prospectus, the Company has sufficient required reserve number of shares upon the effectuation of the Reverse Stock Split.
 The failure to cure the default or otherwise settle or resolve, could have a significant negative financial impact on the Company,
could result in litigation, and could result in the assets of the company being seized, attached or otherwise utilized to satisfy the
debt. We
are currently over 90 days past due on a significant amount of vendor obligations. We may not be able to refinance, extend or repay our
substantial indebtedness owed to our secured and unsecured lenders, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and ability to continue as a going concern. As
of May 31, 2023, we have approximately $17.6 million in accounts payable with approximately $14.7 million that is
over 90 days past due (not including the Baker Notes described herein). If we are unable to repay these amounts, as well as our existing
debt obligations at maturity, and we are otherwise unable to extend the maturity dates or refinance these obligations, we would be in
default. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to raise the necessary amount of capital to repay these obligations or
that we will be able to extend the maturity dates or otherwise refinance these obligations. Upon a default, our secured lenders would
have the right to exercise their rights and remedies to collect, which would include foreclosing on our assets. Accordingly, a default
would have a material adverse effect on our business, and we would likely be forced to seek bankruptcy protection. Our
audited financial statements included a statement that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
and a continuation of negative financial trends could result in our inability to continue as a going concern. Our
management has determined that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern over the next 12 months
from the Form 10-K filing date of April 27, 2023. Our independent auditors have included a “going concern”
explanatory paragraph in their report on our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed in this Registration
Statement. The reaction of investors to the inclusion of a going concern statement by our independent auditors, and our
potential inability to continue as a going concern, could materially adversely affect the price of our common stock. Additionally,
if our operating results fail to improve we could violate additional debt covenants, our liquidity could be further adversely impacted
and we may need to seek additional sources of funding. There is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital to fund
our operations or that debt or equity financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms. If our operating results
fail to improve, then our financial condition could render us unable to continue as a going concern. 8 We
have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows since our inception and anticipate we will continue to incur significant losses
and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future. We
have incurred yearly losses and negative cash flows since our inception, including net losses of $2.4 million and $32.0 million
for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and $76.7 million and $205.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of $941.0 million and $938.7 million, respectively.
Negative cash flows from our operations are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. To date, we have devoted substantially all
our financial resources to the development and commercialization of Phexxi for hormone-free contraception and to the development of EVO100
for the prevention of chlamydia and gonorrhea and our other product candidates, as well as providing general and administrative support
for our operations. Our utilization of cash has historically been highly dependent on these development programs and the commercialization
of Phexxi in the United States. In October 2022, we discontinued development of EVO100 for the prevention of chlamydia and gonorrhea
and have no plans to advance clinical development of this program or to significantly invest in other clinical programs or product candidates
for the foreseeable future. We plan to allocate capital to fund our continued commercialization efforts. Our cash expenses will also
continue to be dependent on the terms and conditions of our contracts with service providers and any license partners. To
date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, notes, warrants, convertible notes, convertible
preferred stock and through other debt arrangements. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in large part, on our ability to
generate revenue from the sale of Phexxi, the rate of our future expenditures and our ability to obtain funding through equity or debt
financings, strategic collaborations or grants which may be particularly challenging or impossible in light of market conditions, especially
in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The commercialization and development of biopharmaceutical products involves a substantial
degree of risk. We
expect to continue to incur significant operating expenses and to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future as
we: ● incur
    sales, marketing, and distribution costs to commercialize Phexxi, including media and digital promotional campaigns; ● incur
    costs associated with the commercial manufacturing of Phexxi; ● implement
    post-approval changes and process improvements to manufa