Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with
all of the other information in this prospectus, including the audited annual financial statements and notes thereto with respect to each of Evolent Health LLC and Evolent Health Holdings, Inc. included elsewhere in this prospectus, before deciding
whether to purchase shares of our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our
Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks relating to our business and industry The market for healthcare in the United States is in the early stages of structural change and is rapidly evolving, which makes it difficult to forecast demand for
our products and services. The market for healthcare in the United States is in the early stages of structural change and is rapidly evolving. Our future
financial performance will depend in part on growth in this market and on our ability to adapt to emerging demands of this market. It is difficult to predict with any precision the future growth rate and size of our target market. The rapidly evolving nature of the market in which we operate, as well as other factors that are beyond our control, reduce our ability to accurately evaluate our
long-term outlook and forecast annual performance. We believe demand for our products and services has been driven in large part by price pressure in traditional FFS healthcare, a regulatory environment that is incentivizing value-based care models,
a rapid expansion of retail insurance, broader use of the Internet and advances in technology. Widespread acceptance of the value-based care model is critical to our future growth and success. A reduction in demand for our products and services
caused by lack of acceptance, technological challenges, competing offerings or other factors would result in a lower revenue growth rate or decreased revenue, either of which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. In
addition, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if healthcare reform is not implemented in accordance with our expectations or if it is amended in a way that impacts our business and results in our
failure to execute our growth strategies. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and results of operations could be harmed. We have expanded our operations significantly since our inception. For example, we grew from six full-time employees at inception to 836 full-time employees as of April
30, 2015, and our revenue increased from $40.3 million for fiscal 2013 to $100.9 million for fiscal 2014. If we do not effectively manage our growth as we continue to expand, the quality of our products and services could suffer. Our
growth to date has increased the significant demands on our management, our operational and financial systems and infrastructure and other resources. In order to successfully expand our business, we must effectively recruit, integrate and motivate
new employees, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. We may not be able to hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs and successfully integrate our new hires,
our efficiency and ability to meet our forecasts and our employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, and our business and results of operations could be harmed. We must also continue to improve our existing systems for operational and
financial management, including our reporting systems, procedures and controls. These improvements could require significant capital expenditures and place increasing demands on our management. We may not be successful in managing or expanding our
operations or in maintaining adequate financial and operating systems and controls. If we do not successfully manage these processes, our business and results of operations could be harmed. 19 Table of Contents We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our largest partners. Historically, we have relied on a limited number of partners for a substantial portion of our total revenue and accounts receivable. Our four largest partners, Indiana
University Health, WakeMed Health and Hospitals, Piedmont WellStar Health Plan and Premier Health Partners, comprised approximately 25%, 21%, 16% and 14%, respectively, of our revenue for fiscal 2014, or 76% in the aggregate. Our four largest
partners in terms of accounts receivable comprised approximately 37%, 17%, 15% and 14%, respectively, of such total amount as of December 31, 2014. In addition, in fiscal 2013, our top five partners by revenue accounted for approximately 82% of
our total revenue. The sudden loss of any of our partners, or the renegotiation of any of our partner contracts, could adversely affect our operating results. For example, as a result of an April 2015 amendment to our agreement with one of our four
largest partners, we expect this partner to contribute only modestly to revenues commencing in 2017. In connection with the amendment, the partner has also agreed to sell its interest in us to certain of our existing investors. Because we rely on a limited number of partners for a significant portion of our revenues, we depend on the creditworthiness of these partners. If the financial
condition of our partners declines, our credit risk could increase. Should one or more of our significant partners declare bankruptcy, it could adversely affect the collectability of our accounts receivable and affect our bad debt reserves and net
income. Although we have long-term contracts with our partners, these contracts may be terminated before their term expires for various reasons, such as changes in
the regulatory landscape and poor performance by us, subject to certain conditions. For example, after a specified period, certain of these contracts are terminable for convenience by our partners after a notice period has passed and the partner has
paid a termination fee. Certain of our contracts are terminable immediately upon the occurrence of certain events. For example, certain of our contracts may be terminated by the partner immediately following repeated failures by us to provide
specified levels of service over periods ranging from six months to more than a year. One of our contracts may be terminated immediately by the partner if we lose applicable licenses, go bankrupt, lose our liability insurance or receive an
exclusion, suspension or debarment from state or federal government authorities. In addition, one of our contracts may be terminated immediately if we become insolvent or file for bankruptcy. If any of our contracts with our partners is terminated,
we may not be able to recover all fees due under the terminated contract, which may adversely affect our operating results. If we are unable to offer new and
innovative products and services or our products and services fail to keep pace with advances in industry standards, technology and our partners’ needs, our partners may terminate or fail to renew their relationship with us and our revenue and
results of operations may suffer. Our success depends on providing high-quality products and services that healthcare providers use to improve clinical,
financial and operational performance. If we cannot adapt to rapidly evolving industry standards, technology and increasingly sophisticated and varied partner needs, our existing technology could become undesirable, obsolete or harm our reputation.
We must continue to invest significant resources in our personnel and technology in a timely and cost-effective manner in order to enhance our existing products and services and introduce new high-quality products and services that existing partners
and potential new partners will want. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our existing partners or potential new partners, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity, are not
effectively brought to market or significantly increase our operating costs. If our new or modified product and service innovations are not responsive to partner preferences, emerging industry standards or regulatory changes, are not appropriately
timed with market opportunity or are not effectively brought to market, we may lose existing partners or be unable to obtain new partners and our results of operations may suffer. In addition, should any of our partners terminate their relationship
with us after implementation has begun, we would not only lose our 20 Table of Contents time, effort and resources invested in that implementation, but we would also have lost the opportunity to leverage those resources to build a relationship with other partners over that same
period of time. We also engage third-party vendors to develop, maintain and enhance our technology solutions, and our ability to develop and implement new
technologies is therefore dependent on our ability to engage suitable vendors. We may also need to license software or technology from third parties in order to maintain, expand or modify our technology platform. However, there is no guarantee we
will be able to enter into such agreements on acceptable terms or at all. The functionality of our platform depends, in part, on our ability to integrate it with third-party applications and data management systems that our partners use and from
which they obtain data. These third parties may terminate their relationships with us, change the features of their applications and platforms, restrict our access to their applications and platforms or alter the terms governing use of their
applications, data management systems and appli