Investing
in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together
with all of the other information in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our Common Stock. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may
also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results,
financial condition and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of the shares of
our Common Stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Business
Risk Factors Invizyne
has a limited operating history on which to evaluate its ability to achieve its operating objectives. Invizyne
was founded in 2019, and we are a development stage synthetic biochemical company. We have only a limited operating history and only
have incurred losses to date. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the development efforts of Invizyne will produce commercially
viable products, achieve market acceptance or generate revenues that will sustain its business. With a limited operating history and
no commercialized products at this time, it will be difficult for investors to make predictions about the future success or viability
of Invizyne, and any predictions may not be as accurate as they could be if the Company had a longer operating history or a history
of successfully developing, commercializing and generating revenue from products for a mass market. We
cannot assure you that we will generate revenue or become profitable in the future. As
we are a development-stage technology company, we do not expect to generate revenues or net income until we successfully commercialize
our first products over a significant period. As
of this date, our technology is still largely in development and products are being produced at lab scale quantities. We are incurring
operating losses, and we cannot assure you that we will generate revenue or be profitable in the future. Our products in development
and our future products may never reach commercial scale quantities or become commercially viable. Even if we find commercially viable
applications for our technology, which may include licensing, we may never recover our research and development expenses and other start-up
expenses. 8 We
will need additional capital after this offering to support our growth. Additional capital, may be difficult to obtain thus restricting
our operations and resulting in additional dilution to our stockholders. Over
time, we anticipate that the business will require additional capital to implement the long-term business plan of product development
and commercialization. Upon completion of this offering, we believe our cash, cash equivalents and other investments will be sufficient
to fund our operations over approximately the next 12 to 24 months. As
we require additional funds, we will explore future financing arrangements for the Company as a whole and financing specific segments
of our business by using additional private and public offerings of our securities, borrowings, spinouts, joint ventures, licensing,
asset sales and merger transactions. We also will seek government research grants, as they may be available. We cannot be sure that
additional financing from any of these sources will be available when needed or that, if available, the additional financing will be
obtained on terms favorable to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional funds by selling equity based securities, the ownership
interest of our current stockholders will be diluted. If we are unable to obtain additional funds on a timely basis or on terms favorable
to us, we may have to cease or reduce certain research and development projects, to sell some or all of our technology or assets or business
units or to merge all or a portion of our business with another entity. The report on our financial statements has been issued with
a “going concern” statement. The financial statements
of the Company have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to realize its assets and discharge
its liabilities in the normal course of business, but the Company may not have sufficient funds to meet its liabilities and other obligations
in the future without additional financial support. The continuation
of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability to raise equity
or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from the Company’s future business. We
are unsure if and when we will become profitable. We
have not yet demonstrated our ability to generate revenue, and we may never be able to produce material revenues or operate on a profitable
basis. We expect to experience operating losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable future. We expect to expend significant cash
resources on hiring of personnel, continued scientific and potential product research and development, potential product scaling, intellectual
property development and prosecution, marketing and promotion, capital expenditures, working capital, and general and administrative
expenses. We expect to incur costs and expenses related to consulting costs, laboratory development costs, hiring of scientists, engineers,
science and other operational personnel, and the continued development of relationships with strategic and collaborative partners. We
are attempting to obtain the currently required working capital for operations through this offering, but we may not be able to obtain
financing in a sufficient amount or at all, or on terms that are acceptable to us. We anticipate our losses will continue to increase
from current levels during our continuing development stage. Invizyne
may not be successful in its efforts to use its proprietary synthetic biological platform to build a pipeline of products. A
key element of Invizyne’s strategy is to use its experienced management, engineering and scientific teams to build a pipeline of
products using its synthetic biological platform and further develop those products into commercially viable products faster and cheaper
than possible using traditional materials and methods. Although its research and development efforts, to date, have resulted in what
we believe to be potential products, we may not be successful in further developing products to the level of commercial viability or
be able to continue to identify and develop these and other products. Even if it is successful in continuing to build a pipeline of products,
not all potential products it identifies will be suitable for development and use in commercial products. If Invizyne is unsuccessful
in these efforts, the value of the Company will be lost, our investors may suffer a loss in relation to their investment in the Company,
and Invizyne may have to curtail or cease its business. The
market, including clients and potential investors, may be skeptical of the viability and benefits of Invizyne’s pipeline products
because they are relatively novel and are based on complex technology. The
viability and benefits of our products, which include pharmaceutical cannabinoids, isobutanol (a 2G biofuel), and other natural, novel
and/or rare molecules, may be difficult to assess because they are based on a relatively novel and complex technology. Invizyne’s
technology consists of pioneering multi-stage enzymatic bioconversion systems that we have named SimplePath™. SimplePath™ systems
and the resultant products are in various stages of the research and development phase, the pilot production phase and/or in pre-clinical
assessment as a therapeutic or product for other uses. It is often an issue that what is possible in the small quantities used at the
research level cannot be replicated as production quantities are increased for testing and commercialization. Each product will be required
to be progressively scaled up from early research production quantities to show the feasibility of production in larger quantities, whether
for clinical evaluation, testing, and ultimately commercial manufacturing amounts before being made available to clients. As Invizyne
continues to develop and optimize SimplePath™ systems to make its products in the quantities needed for research, clinical or testing
evaluation and manufacturing, there can be no assurance that such products will be understood, approved, or accepted by clients, regulators
and potential investors, that the relevant SimplePath™ systems can be commercially manufactured, or that it will be able to sell
products at competitive prices and with features sufficient to establish demand and generate revenues or any level of profit. Another
consideration is if a product is a candidate as an active pharmaceutical ingredient, then it will require FDA or any other applicable
regulatory approvals, including manufacturing approvals, which may not be obtainable. If it is unable to convince potential clients of
the utility and value of its products, it will not be successful in entering the markets that it has identified, and its business and
results of operations will be adversely affected. 9 The
synthetic biology market is a rapidly expanding and changing market, and if Invizyne is unable to keep up to date with developments,
its business may be adversely affected. Invizyne
is operating in a rapidly growing and changing business space within the synthetic biology market. Therefore, the market is becoming
more developed and highly competitive. Invizyne will have to continually assess the market and what kinds of products will
be in demand. If it fails to anticipate market demands or is not able to meet a market demand in a timely fashion, its research and development
