See
    “Risk Factors” beginning on page 9 of this prospectus  for a discussion of the risk factors you should consider carefully when making an investment decision. Trading
    Symbol Our
    Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “RELI.” There is no established public trading market
    for the Common Warrants, Pre-Funded Warrants, and we do not intend to list the Pre-Funded Warrants on any national securities
    exchange or trading system. Best
    Efforts Offering We have agreed to offer and sell the securities offered hereby to the purchasers through the placement agent. The placement agent
    is not required to buy or sell any specific number or dollar amount of the securities offered hereby, but it will use its reasonable
    best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the securities offered by this prospectus. See “Plan of Distribution” on page
    78 of this prospectus. 8 RISK
FACTORS You should carefully consider
the following risk factors, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, including our financial statements and
the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. The risks described
below are not the only risks we face. Certain risks and uncertainties may not be currently known to us or may be considered immaterial
at this time, but could nevertheless materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
In addition, the risks described below are based on assumptions and information currently available to management; such assumptions and
information may prove to be incorrect or incomplete over time. Risks
Related to This Offering The
best efforts structure of this offering may have an adverse effect on our business plan. The
placement agent has agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the securities in this offering. The placement
agent is not required to purchase any securities, but will use its best efforts to arrange for the purchase or sale of the securities
offered. As a “best efforts” offering, there can be no assurance that the offering contemplated hereby will ultimately be
consummated or will result in any proceeds being made available to us. The success of this offering will impact our ability to use the
proceeds to execute our business plan. We may have insufficient capital to implement our business plan, potentially resulting in greater
operating losses unless we are able to raise the required capital from alternative sources. There is no assurance that alternative capital,
if needed, would be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Future
sales of our Common Stock may depress our share price. As
of January 14, 2026, we had 10,733,753 shares of our Common Stock outstanding. Sales of a substantial number of shares
of Common Stock in the public market or issuances of additional shares pursuant to the exercise of our outstanding warrants, the conversion
or exercise of other outstanding derivative securities, sales under our at-the-market program or equity line of credit, or the expectation
of such sales or exercises, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. We may also sell additional shares of Common
Stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Common Stock in subsequent public or private offerings or other
transactions, which may adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock. Our
stockholders may experience substantial dilution in the value of their investment if we issue additional shares of our capital stock. Our
Articles of Incorporation, as amended, allow us to issue a substantial number of additional shares of Common Stock and preferred stock.
To raise additional capital, we may in the future sell additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or
exchangeable for our Common Stock at prices that are lower than the prices paid by existing stockholders, and investors purchasing shares
or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders, which could result in substantial dilution to
the interests of existing stockholders. We
may be required to obtain stockholder approval under Nasdaq rules for the issuance of the shares issuable upon exercise of the Common
Warrants, which could delay or prevent the exercise of the Common Warrants and could impact the pricing and terms of this offering. We
intend for the Common Warrants to be exercisable beginning on the effective date of stockholder approval of the issuance of the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants (“Warrant Stockholder Approval”), unless the “Pricing
Conditions” described under “Description of Securities Being Registered—Common Warrants” are met, in which case
the Common Warrants would be exercisable upon issuance (the “Initial Exercise Date”). Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(d) may require
that we obtain stockholder approval in connection with the issuance of securities (including shares issuable upon exercise of warrants)
in certain circumstances where the issuance price is below the applicable “Minimum Price” or would otherwise result in a
“discounted” issuance under Nasdaq rules. There can be no assurance that we will be able to structure this offering so that
Warrant Stockholder Approval is not required, or, if required, that we will obtain Warrant Stockholder Approval in a timely manner or
at all. If Warrant Stockholder Approval is required and is not obtained, the Common Warrants may not become exercisable (or may
be exercisable only after satisfaction of applicable Nasdaq requirements), and investors would not be able to exercise the Common Warrants
for shares of our Common Stock, which could reduce the value of the Common Warrants and the Units/Pre-Funded Units and could adversely
affect an investor’s ability to realize a return on its investment. In addition, obtaining Warrant Stockholder Approval would require
us to incur costs and management time and may require us to call and hold a stockholder meeting and prepare and distribute proxy materials,
which could delay the exercisability of the Common Warrants and/or divert resources from our business operations. Market participants
may react negatively to any delay or uncertainty regarding Warrant Stockholder Approval, which could adversely affect the market price
and trading liquidity of our Common Stock. Further,
as described under “Prospectus Summary” and “The Offering,” if Warrant Stockholder Approval is obtained (and
the Pricing Conditions are not met), we expect to reduce the public offering price per Unit and per Pre-Funded Unit by the amount attributed
to the Common Warrants (currently $0.25 per Unit/Pre-Funded Unit), or such other amount as may be determined at pricing. There can be
no assurance that such reduction will occur, including if Warrant Stockholder Approval is not obtained or if the final pricing and allocation
among the securities differs from current assumptions. Any change in the pricing and terms of the Units/Pre-Funded Units could affect
the perceived value of the securities offered hereby, could increase volatility in the market price of our Common Stock, and could materially
affect an investor’s return. 9 Our
management will have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from this offering, you may not agree with how we use the proceeds
and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. Other
than amounts required to be paid to certain lenders, our management will have broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from
this offering and could use them for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of commencement of this offering. Accordingly,
you will be relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the use of these net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity,
as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. It is possible that, pending their
use, we may invest the net proceeds in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for us. The
failure of our management to use such funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating
results and cash flows. Your
interest in our Company may be diluted as a result of this offering. If
you purchase Shares in this offering you may suffer immediate and substantial dilution in the net tangible book value of our Common Stock. In
addition, the shares issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants to be issued pursuant to the offering
will further dilute the ownership interest of stockholders not participating in this offering and holders of Pre-Funded Warrants or
Common Warrants who have not exercised their Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants. See “Dilution” for additional
information. This
offering may cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decrease. The
number of shares of Common Stock we propose to issue and ultimately may issue if this offering is completed may result in an immediate
decrease in the market price of our Common Stock. This decrease may continue after the completion of this offering. We cannot predict
the effect, if any, that the availability of shares for future sale represented by the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in connection with
the offering will have on the market price of our Common Stock from time to time. Holders
of Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants will have no rights as a common stockholder until such holders exercise their Pre-Funded
Warrants or Common Warrants and acquire our Common Stock. Until holders of Pre-Funded Warrants or Common
Warrants acquire shares of our Common Stock upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants, holders of Pre-Funded
Warrants or Common Warrants will have no rights with respect to the shares of our 