● Our
                                            operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable. ● We
                                            rely heavily on our reselling partners and our ability to work with suitable partners may
                                            impact our growth plans. ● If
                                            we are unable to develop and introduce new solutions and improve existing solutions in a
                                            cost-effective and timely manner, then our competitive position may be negatively impacted
                                            and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. ● We
                                            invest significantly in research and development (“R&D”), and to the
                                            extent our R&D efforts are unsuccessful, our competitive position may be negatively
                                            impacted and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely
                                            affected. ● We
                                            operate in a highly competitive market. ● Increases
                                            in costs of the materials and other components that we use in our solutions would adversely
                                            affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. ● Adverse
                                            economic conditions, such as a possible recession and possible impacts of inflation or stagflation,
                                            increasing or decreasing interest rates, reduced information technology spending or any economic
                                            downturn or recession, may adversely impact our business. ● Our
                                            billings, revenue and free cash flow growth may slow or may not continue, and our operating
                                            margins may decline. ● We
                                            are dependent on the continued services and performance of our senior management, the loss
                                            of any of whom could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. ● If
                                            we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate key employees, then our business, results
                                            of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected. ● We
                                            may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available on terms acceptable
                                            to us, or at all. ● If
                                            we do not increase the effectiveness of our sales organization, we may have difficulty adding
                                            new end-customers or increasing sales to our existing end-customers and our business may
                                            be adversely affected. ● Unless
                                            we continue to develop better market awareness of our company and our software solutions, and
                                            to improve lead generation and sales enablement, our revenue may not continue to grow. ● We
                                            face competition in our market and we may not maintain or improve our competitive position. ● If
                                            our new software solutions and enhancements do not achieve sufficient market acceptance,
                                            our results of operations and competitive position will suffer. 4 ● Demand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          for our software solutions may be limited by market perception that individual software solutions from one vendor that
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          provide multiple layers of security protection in one offering are inferior to point solution network security solutions from
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          multiple vendors. ● If
                                            functionality similar to that offered by our software solutions is incorporated into our
                                            competitors’ existing network infrastructures, our customers may decide
                                            against adding our appliances to their network, which would have an adverse effect on our
                                            business. ● Because
                                            some of the key components in our network server come from limited sources of supply,
                                            we are susceptible to supply shortages, long or uncertain lead times for components, and
                                            supply changes, each of which could disrupt or delay our scheduled software deliveries to
                                            our customers, result in inventory shortage, cause loss of sales and customers or increase
                                            component costs resulting in lower gross margins and free cash flow. ● The
                                            sales prices of our hardware and software solutions may decrease, which may reduce our gross
                                            profits and operating margin and may adversely impact our financial results and the trading
                                            price of our common stock. ● The
                                            network security market is rapidly evolving and the complex technologies incorporated
                                            in our software solutions make them difficult to develop. If we do not accurately predict,
                                            prepare for and respond promptly to technological and market developments and changing end-customer
                                            needs, our competitive position and prospects may be harmed. ● Our
                                            ability to sell our software solutions is dependent on our quality control processes and
                                            the quality of our technical support services, and our failure to offer high-quality technical
                                            support services could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. ● Our
                                            business is subject to the risks of warranty claims, product liability and
                                            product defects. ● Our
                                            historical financial information may not be representative of our results as a public company. ● If
                                            our internal enterprise IT networks, on which we conduct internal business and interface
                                            externally, our operational networks, through which we connect to customers, vendors and
                                            partners systems and provide services, or our R&D networks, our back-end labs
                                            and cloud stacks hosted in our data centers, colocation vendors or public cloud providers,
                                            through which we research, develop and host software solutions are compromised, public
                                            perception of our offerings may be harmed, our customers may be breached and harmed, we may
                                            become subject to liability, and our business, operating results and stock price may be adversely
                                            impacted. ● Our
                                            proprietary rights may be difficult to enforce and we may be subject to claims by others
                                            that we infringe their propriety technology. ● Claims
                                            by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other litigation matters could
                                            harm our business. ● Failure
                                            to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business could subject us to fines
                                            and penalties and could also cause us to lose end-customers in the public sector or negatively
                                            impact our ability to contract with the public sector. ● We
                                            are subject to governmental export and import controls that could subject us to liability
                                            or restrictions on sales, and that could impair our ability to compete in international markets. 5 ● Investors’
                                            expectations of our performance relating to environmental, social and governance factors
                                            may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. ● We
                                            have incurred indebtedness and may incur other debt