” beginning on page 13. 30 HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE STOCK
OFFERING Although we cannot determine what the actual net
proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock in the stock offering will be until the stock offering is completed, we anticipate
that the net proceeds will be between $53.8 million and $73.4 million, or $84.7 million if the offering range is increased by 15%. We intend to use the net proceeds as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of: 5,610,000 Shares 6,600,000 Shares 7,590,000 Shares 8,728,500 Shares (1) Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars in thousands) Offering proceeds $ 56,100 $ 66,000 $ 75,900 $ 87,285 Less: offering expenses (2,289 ) (2,376 ) (2,462 ) (2,562 ) Net offering proceeds (2) $ 53,811 100.0 % $ 63,624 100.0 % $ 73,438 100.0 % $ 84,723 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: To fund capital contribution to Fifth District $ 26,906 50.0 % $ 31,812 50.0 % $ 36,719 50.0 % $ 42,362 50.0 % To fund cash contribution to charitable foundation 250 0.5 250 0.4 250 0.3 250 0.3 To fund loan to employee stock ownership plan $ 4,594 8.5 $ 5,386 8.5 $ 6,178 8.4 $ 7,088 8.4 Retained by Fifth District Bancorp $ 22,062 41.0 % $ 26,176 41.1 % $ 30,291 41.2 % $ 35,023 41.3 % (1) As adjusted to give effect to an increase in the number of shares, which could occur due to a 15% increase in the offering range to
reflect demand for the shares or changes in market conditions following the commencement of the stock offering. (2) Assumes that all shares of common stock are sold in the subscription offering and any community offering. Payments for shares of common stock made through
withdrawals from deposit accounts at Fifth District will not result in the receipt of new funds for investment but will reduce Fifth District’s
deposits. The net proceeds may vary because total offering expenses may be more or less than our estimates. For example, our expenses
would increase if there were a syndicated community offering to sell shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription offering
and any community offering. Fifth District Bancorp intends to loan funds to
the employee stock ownership plan to purchase shares of common stock in the stock offering. It may also use the proceeds it retains from
the stock offering: ● to invest in securities consistent with our investment policy; ● to repurchase shares of its common stock, in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements; ● to pay cash dividends to stockholders; and ● for other general corporate purposes. Except for the loan to the employee stock ownership
plan and the cash contribution to the charitable foundation, Fifth District Bancorp has not quantified its plans for use of the net proceeds
of the stock offering for each of the foregoing purposes. Initially, we intend to invest a substantial portion of the net proceeds in
investment grade securities, including securities issued by U.S. Government agencies and mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government
agencies and U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises. See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion
of our expected dividend policy. Under applicable OCC regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year
following the completion of the conversion and stock offering, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and with prior regulatory
approval, or 31 except to fund management recognition plans (which would require notification
to the OCC) or tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans. Fifth District will receive a capital contribution
from Fifth District Bancorp equal to at least 50% of the net offering proceeds. Based on this formula, we anticipate that Fifth District
Bancorp will contribute to Fifth District $26.9 million, $31.8 million, $36.7 million and $42.4 million of the net offering proceeds at
the minimum, midpoint, maximum, and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively. Fifth District may use the net proceeds it receives
from the stock offering: ● to fund new loans consistent with its loan policy; ● to invest in securities consistent with its investment policy; ● to enhance existing products and services; ● to expand its banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new branches as opportunities arise, although we do not currently have
any understandings or agreements to establish or acquire new branches; and ● for other general corporate purposes. Fifth District has not quantified its plans for
use of the net proceeds of the stock offering for each of the foregoing purposes. Initially, a substantial portion of the net proceeds
will be invested in securities issued by U.S. Government agencies and mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies and
U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises. The use of the proceeds outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited
to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, our relative position in
the financial services industry, the attractiveness of opportunities to expand our operations through establishing or acquiring branches,
our ability to receive regulatory approval for any such expansion activities, and overall market conditions. We
expect our return on equity to decrease upon the completion of the conversion and stock offering until we are able to reinvest effectively
the additional capital raised in the stock offering. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Stock Offering –
Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance.” OUR DIVIDEND POLICY Following
completion of the conversion and stock offering, our board of directors will have the authority to declare dividends on our shares of
common stock, subject to statutory and regulatory requirements. However, no decision has been made with respect to the payment of dividends.
In determining whether to pay a cash dividend and the amount of such cash dividend, the board of directors is expected to take into account
a number of factors, including capital requirements, our financial condition and results of operations, other uses of funds for the long-term
value of stockholders, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations and general economic conditions. No assurances can be
given that any dividends will be paid or that, if paid, will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. Special cash dividends, stock
dividends or returns of capital, to the extent permitted by regulations and policies of the OCC, may be paid in addition to, or
in lieu of, regular cash dividends. Fifth
District Bancorp expects to file a consolidated federal income tax return with Fifth District. Accordingly, it is anticipated that
any cash distributions that we make to our stockholders would be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return of capital
for federal and state income tax purposes. Additionally, according to OCC regulations, during the three-year period following the stock
offering, we will not take any action to declare an extraordinary dividend to stockholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free
return of capital for federal income tax purposes. 32 Fifth
District Bancorp ’s articles of incorporation authorized the issuance of preferred stock. No shares of preferred stock will
be issued in the conversion and stock offering. If we issue preferred stock in the future, the holders thereof may have a priority over
the holders of our shares of common stock with respect to the payment of dividends. For a further discussion concerning the payment of
dividends on our shares of common stock, see “Description of Capital Stock of Fifth District Bancorp – Common Stock.”
Any dividends we may declare and pay will depend, in part, upon receipt of dividends from Fifth District, because dividends from Fifth
District will be our primary source of income. OCC regulations impose limitations on dividends and other capital distributions by savings
institutions like Fifth District. See “Regulation and Supervision – Federal Banking Regulation – Capital Distributions.” Any
payment of dividends by Fifth District to Fifth District Bancorp that would be deemed to be drawn out of Fifth District’s
bad debt reserves, if any, would require Fifth District to pay taxes at the then-current tax rate on the amount of earnings deemed to
be removed from the reserves for such distribution. Fifth District does not intend to make any distribution to us that would create such
a federal tax liability. See “Taxation.” MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK As a newly formed company, Fifth District Bancorp
has never issued capital stock. As a mutual institution, Fifth District is not authorized to issue capital stock. Fifth District Bancorp
expects that its common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “FDSB” upon the completion of the
conversion and stock offering. The development of an active trading market depends
on the existence of willing buyers and sellers, which is not within our control or the control of any market maker. The number of active
buyers and sellers of the shares of common stock at any particular time may be limited. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that, if you
purchase shares of common stock, you will be able to sell them at or above $10.00 per share purchase price. Purchasers of common stock
in the stock offering should have long-term investment intent and horizon and should recognize that there may be a limited trading market
in the common stock. This may make it difficult to sell the common stock after the conversion and stock offering and may adversely impact
the price at which the common stock may be sold. 33 HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA REGULATORY CAPITAL
COMPLIANCE At December 31, 2023, Fifth District exceeded
all applicable regulatory capital r