” section and elsewhere
in this report, these factors include: ● progress, or lack of progress,
    in developing and commercializing our products; 25 ● favorable or unfavorable
    decisions about our products or intellectual property from government regulators, insurance companies or other third-party payers; ● our ability to recruit
    and retain qualified regulatory and research and development personnel; ● changes in investors’
    and securities analysts’ perception of the business risks and conditions of our business; ● changes in our relationship
    with key collaborators; ● changes in the market valuation
    or earnings of our competitors or companies viewed as similar to us; ● changes in key personnel; ● depth of the trading market
    in our common stock; ● changes in our capital
    structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; ● the granting or exercise
    of employee stock options or other equity awards; ● realization of any of the
    risks described under this section entitled “Risk Factors”; and ● general market and economic
    conditions. In
recent years, the stock markets, in general, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations especially in the biotechnology sector.
Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of shares of our common stock. In the past, following periods
of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against
that company. If we were involved in any similar litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our management’s attention and
resources could be diverted. In the recent past, the U.S. and global markets have been experiencing volatility and disruption following
the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel and certain hostile
entities. A continuation or worsening of the levels of market disruption and volatility could have an adverse effect on our ability to
access capital, on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and on the market price of our common stock. We
have a significant number of warrants and options, and future sales of our common stock upon exercise of these options or warrants, or
the perception that future sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing
well. Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could harm the market price of our common stock and make it
more difficult for us to raise funds through future offerings of common stock. Our stockholders and the holders of our outstanding warrants
and options, upon exercise of these options or warrants, may sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market. The availability
of these shares of our common stock for resale in the public market has the potential to cause the supply of our common stock to exceed
investor demand, thereby decreasing the price of our common stock. In
addition, the fact that our stockholders and holders of our warrants and options can sell substantial amounts of our common stock in
the public market, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, could make it more difficult for us to raise additional financing
through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. Although
our shares of common stock are listed on Nasdaq, we currently have a limited trading volume, which results in higher price volatility
for, and reduced liquidity of, our common stock. Although
our shares of common stock are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “NAOV,” trading volume in our common stock has been limited
and an active trading market for our shares of common stock may never develop or be maintained. The absence of an active trading market
increases price volatility and reduces the liquidity of our common stock. As long as this condition continues, the sale of a significant
number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices prevailing immediately before
such shares are offered. If
we fail to comply with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock
and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. Our
common stock is currently listed for trading on Nasdaq. We must satisfy Nasdaq’s continued listing requirements, including, among
other things, a minimum stockholders’ equity of $2.5 million and a minimum closing bid price of $1.00 per share or risk
delisting, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq could materially reduce
the liquidity of our common stock and result in a corresponding material reduction in the price of our common stock. In addition, delisting
could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in
the potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers, customers and employees and fewer business development opportunities. On
April 10, 2024, we received the Letter from the Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC indicating that, based upon the closing bid price
of our common stock for the 30 consecutive business days between February 27, 2024 and April 9, 2024, we did not meet the minimum bid
price of $1.00 per share required for continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant to the Bid Price Rule. The Letter also indicated that we were
provided with a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until October 7, 2024, in which to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule
pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). We did not regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule by October 7, 2024, and on October
8, 2024, Nasdaq notified us that our securities were subject to delisting from Nasdaq unless we timely requested a hearing before the
Panel. We subsequently timely requested a hearing before the Panel, which was held on December 5, 2024. 26 On
November 19, 2024, we received an additional deficiency notice from the Staff indicating that we no longer satisfied the $2.5 million
stockholders’ equity requirement set forth in the Equity Rule for continued listing on Nasdaq. The Staff indicated that our non-compliance
with the Equity Rule would be considered by the Panel at the Hearing and could serve as an additional basis for delisting of our securities
from Nasdaq. On
December 26, 2024, we received the Decision Letter from the Panel granting a limited extension of time for us to demonstrate compliance
with the Bid Price Rule and the Equity Rule for continued listing on Nasdaq, subject to the following conditions: (i) on or before February
27, 2025, we will have obtained stockholder approval to effect a reverse stock split of our common stock; (ii) on or before March 31,
2025, we shall have effected a reverse stock split and, thereafter, maintain a $1.00 closing bid price of our common stock for a
minimum of ten consecutive trading days; (iii) on or before March 31, 2025, we are required to demonstrate compliance with the Equity
Rule by filing public disclosure with the SEC and demonstrate long-term compliance with the Equity Rule; and (iv) on or before March
31, 2025, we are required to demonstrate compliance with all continued listing requirements for Nasdaq. There
can be no assurance that we will receive the required support for the proposal to effect a reverse stock split, that we will effect the
reverse stock split pursuant to the terms of the Decision Letter, or that we will ultimately regain compliance with all applicable requirements
for continued listing on Nasdaq. Additionally,
there is no assurance that we will maintain compliance with such minimum listing requirements if we regain compliance with all applicable
requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. If our common stock were delisted from Nasdaq, trading of our common stock would most likely
take place on an over-the-counter market established for unlisted securities, such as the OTCQB or the Pink Market maintained by OTC
Markets Group Inc. An investor would likely find it less convenient to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our
common stock on an over-the-counter market, and many investors would likely not buy or sell our common stock due to difficulty in accessing
over-the-counter markets, policies preventing them from trading in securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons. In
addition, as a delisted security, our common stock would be subject to SEC rules as a “penny stock,” which impose additional
disclosure requirements on broker-dealers. The regulations relating to penny stocks, coupled with the typically higher cost per trade
to the investor of penny stocks due to factors such as broker commissions generally representing a higher percentage of the price of
a penny stock than of a higher-priced stock, would further limit the ability of investors to trade in our common stock. In addition,
delisting could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may
result in the potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers, customers and employees and fewer business development opportunities.
For these reasons and others, delisting would adversely affect the liquidity, trading volume and price of our common stock, causing the
value of an investment in us to decrease and having an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations,
including our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and to raise capital. We
are a smaller reporting company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to our filing status will
make our common stock less a