’’ section, such as those related to the
market for our securities and cross-border transactions. If
we have not completed our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of this offering, we will: (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Nevada law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors
and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed
business combination and reduce the public “float” of our common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor,
initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors
or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and NASDAQ rules. However, other than
as expressly stated herein, our initial stockholders have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such stockholder, although
still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption
rights. In the event that our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares
in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling
stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash
at the completion of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose
of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. We expect any such purchases
will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such
reporting requirements. See “ Proposed Business — Permitted Purchases of Our Securities ” for a description of
how our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase
securities from in any private transaction. 34 In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or
fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We
will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption.
For example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer
agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer
documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal
to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend
to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer
agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder
fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not
be redeemed. See the section of this prospectus entitled “ Proposed Business — Manner of Conducting Redemptions .” Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial business combination. The
market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in recent years. Fewer insurance
companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased
and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination’s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 35 In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination,
our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior
to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity
may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims (“run-off insurance”). The need for run-off insurance
would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an
initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating
targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase
the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business
combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies
that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered
into an initial business combination, and there are still many companies preparing for an initial public offering. As a result, at times,
fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies
seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals
or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such
as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business
combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate