” contained in this prospectus beginning on page 2. Forge
Innovation Development Corp. 17700
Castleton Street, Suite 469 City
of Industry, CA 91748 Prospectus
dated __________________, 2017 TABLE
OF CONTENTS Prospectus Summary 1 Risk Factors 2 Forward-Looking Statement 9 Determination of Offering Price 9 Dividend Policy 9 Selling Shareholders Sales 9 Plan of Distribution 11 Description of Securities 12 The Business and Business Plan 15 The
    Company Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 Management 20 Executive Compensation 22 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 22 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 22 Selling
    Shareholders Description
    of Securities Legal Matters 23 Experts 23 Disclosure of Commission Position of Indemnification for Securities Act Liabilities 23 Financial Statements F-1 Table of Contents PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary highlights some information from this prospectus, and it may not contain all the information important to making an investment
decision. A potential investor should read the following summary together with the more detailed information regarding the Company
and the common stock being sold in this offering, including “Risk Factors” and the financial statements and related
notes, included elsewhere in this prospectus. The
Company History Forge
Innovation Development Corp. (the “Company” or “FORGE”), was originally formed to develop approximately 29
acres of land in Desert Hot Springs, California. In March, 2017 the Company sold that property and is currently looking for other
properties both land and buildings in Southern California to develop and/or manage. The Company was incorporated in the State
of Nevada on January 15, 2016, and was formerly known as YOU-GO Enterprises, LLC. In November, 2016, the Company changed
its status from an LLC to a corporation and changed its name to Forge Innovation Development Corp. Business The
Company’s primary objective is commercial and residential land development, including the purchase and sale of real estate, targeting
properties primarily in Southern California. We also intend to manage properties we own and properties owned by unaffiliated third
parties. Our activities will include securing acquisition rights to properties, obtaining zoning and other entitlements for the
properties, securing financing for purchase of the properties, improving the properties’ infrastructure and amenities and
selling the properties to homeowner and commercial owners for restaurants, offices and small businesses. Our first property acquisition
was 29 acres in Desert Hot Springs in Southern California. Due to problems with permits and adjacent landowners, rather than get
involved in protracted negotiations, the Company sold the property to an independent third party for a profit. Risks
and Uncertainties facing the Company As
a development stage company, the Company has limited operating history and has experienced losses since its inception. The Company
needs to create a source of revenue or locate additional financing in order to continue its developmental plans. As a development
stage company, management of the Company has limited experience in building and selling projects similar to that planned by the
Company and in marketing and distributing such projects on a broad scale. One
of the biggest challenges facing the Company is the ability to raise adequate capital to pursue its business plan of land acquisition,
land development and construction, sale or lease of projects and providing real estate management services. Due
to financial constraints, the Company has to date conducted limited operations. If the Company were unable to develop strong and
reliable sources of funding, it is unlikely that the Company could develop its operations to return revenue sufficient to further
develop its business plan. Moreover, the above assumes that the Company’s efforts are met with customer satisfaction in
the marketplace and exhibit steady adoption of its real estate projects amongst the potential base of customers, neither of which
are currently known or guaranteed. Trading
Market Currently,
there is no trading market for the securities of the Company. The Company intends to initially apply for admission to quotation
of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board as soon as possible which may be while this offering is still in process. There can
be no assurance that the Company will qualify for quotation of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board. The
Offering The
maximum number of Shares that can be sold pursuant to the terms of this offering is 4,938,535. The offering will terminate twenty-four
(24) months from the date of this prospectus unless earlier terminated by the Company. This
prospectus relates to the offer and sale of 4,938,535 shares of common stock of Forge Innovation Development Corp. offered by
the holders thereof who are deemed to be statutory underwriters. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at a price of
$0.25 until such time as the Shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and only thereafter at prevailing market or privately
negotiated prices in one or more transactions that may take place by ordinary broker’s transactions, privately-negotiated transactions
or through sales to one or more dealers for resale or at prevailing market if a market should develop. Common stock outstanding before the offering 57,771,868 (1) Common stock for sale by selling shareholders 4,938,535 Common stock outstanding after the offering 57,771,868 Offering Price $ 0.25 Proceeds to the Company $ 0 (1) Based on number of shares outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. 1 Table of Contents RISK
FACTORS A
purchase of any Shares is an investment in the Company’s common stock and involves a high degree of risk. Investors should consider
carefully the following information about these risks, together with the other information contained in the registration statement
of which this prospectus is a part, before the purchase of any Shares. If any of the following risks actually occur, the business,
financial condition or results of operations of the Company would likely suffer, the market price of the common stock would likely
decline, and investors could lose all or a portion of their investment. The Company has listed the following risk factors which
it believes to be that material to an investment decision in this offering. Risks
Relating to the Company We
have a limited operating history on which to judge our business prospects and management. The
Company was originally formed as a limited liability company in January, 2016 and after organizing and developing a business plan
it began more formal operations in April, 2016. Accordingly, we have only a limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation
of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and we cannot assure
you that the Company will achieve or sustain profitability. The Company’s prospects must be considered in light of the risks
encountered by companies in the early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Future
operating results will depend upon many factors, including increasing the number of affiliates, our success in attracting and
retaining motivated and qualified personnel, our ability to establish short term credit lines, our ability to develop and market,
develop and manage real estate, control costs, and general economic conditions. We cannot assure you that the Company will successfully
address any of these risks. The
Company has accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2017 of $131,214. As
of March 31, 2017, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $131,214. This deficit may impact on the Company in various ways
including, but not limited to, making it more difficult to borrow money, sell stock or to maintain a good market price. We
are significantly influenced by our officers, directors and entities affiliated with them. In
the aggregate, ownership of the Company’s shares by management and affiliated parties, and assuming all Shares offered are
sold, represents approximately 90% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Mr. Liang, acting alone, will be able
to significantly influence all matters requiring approval by shareholders, including the election of directors and the approval
of mergers or other business combinations transactions. Our future performance is dependent on the ability to retain key personnel.
The Company performance is substantially dependent on the performance of senior management. The loss of the services of any of
its executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations
and financial condition. We
may need and may be unable to obtain additional funding on satisfactory terms, which could dilute our stockholders or impose burdensome
financial restrictions on our business. We
have relied upon cash from the sale of our assets and financing activities and in the future we intend to rely on revenues generated
from operations to fund all of the cash requirements of our activities. There is no assurance that we will be able to generate
any significant cash from our operating activities in the future. Deteriorating global economic conditions and the effects of
ongoing military actions against terrorists may cause prolonged declines in investor confidence in and accessibility to capital
markets. Future financing may not be available on a timely basis, in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us. This financing
may also dilute existing stockholders’ equity. Any debt financing or other financing of securities senior to common stock will
likely include financial and other covenants that will restrict our flexibility. At a minimum, we expect these covenants to include
restrictions on 