” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview We are pioneering the discovery and development
of a new class of medicines targeting genetically determined dependencies within the chromatin regulatory system, an untapped opportunity for therapeutic intervention. Our proprietary Gene Traffic Control platform gives us an integrated, mechanistic
understanding of how the various components of the chromatin regulatory system interact, allowing us to identify, validate and potentially drug targets within the system. Breakdowns in the chromatin regulatory system are associated with over 50
percent of all cancers. Addressing these breakdowns could potentially provide therapies for over 2.5 million patients. Consequently we are initially focused in oncology. We are developing FHD-286, a selective, allosteric ATPase inhibitor, and
FHD-609, a protein degrader, to treat hematologic cancers and solid tumors, for which we plan to file INDs in the fourth quarter of 2020 and in the first half of 2021, respectively. Our product candidates are in preclinical development, and so we
currently do not have any products approved for commercial sale. Our vision is to use our Gene Traffic Control platform to discover and develop drugs in oncology and other therapeutic areas, including virology, autoimmune disease and neurology. Since our inception in October 2015, we have focused substantially all of our resources on building our Gene Traffic Control platform, organizing and
staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, conducting discovery and research activities, protecting our trade secrets, filing patent applications, identifying potential product candidates, undertaking preclinical studies and
establishing arrangements with third parties for the manufacture of initial quantities of our product candidates and component materials. We do not have any products approved for sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales. To date,
we have funded our operations with proceeds from sales of preferred stock, our $15.0 million term loans and an upfront payment of $15.0 million we received in July 2020 under our collaboration agreement with Merck Sharp & Dohme
Corp., or Merck. Through June 30, 2020, we had received gross proceeds of $134.8 million from sales of preferred stock. In July and August 2020, we received additional gross proceeds of $42.0 million from sales of Series B preferred
stock. We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception. For the year ended December 31, 2019, we reported net losses of
$51.1 million, and for the six months ended June 30, 2020, we reported net losses of $29.7 million. As of June 30, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $123.8 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses
and increasing operating losses for at least the next several years. Our ability to generate any product revenue or product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one
or more product candidates we may develop. We expect that our expenses and capital requirements will increase substantially in connection with our
ongoing activities, particularly if and as we: • advance our FHD-286 and FHD-609 product candidates into Phase 1 clinical development and continue our preclinical
development of product candidates from our current research programs; • identify additional research programs and additional product candidates; • initiate preclinical testing for any new product candidates we identify and develop; • obtain, maintain, expand, enforce, defend and protect our trade secrets and intellectual property portfolio and
provide reimbursement of third-party expenses related to our patent portfolio; 56 Table of Contents • hire additional clinical, regulatory and scientific personnel; • add operational, legal, compliance, financial and management information systems and personnel to support our
research, product development and operations as a public company; • expand the capabilities of our platform; • acquire or in-license product candidates, intellectual property and
technologies; • operate as a public company; • seek marketing approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; and • ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which
we may obtain marketing approval. We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully commercialize one of
our product candidates, after completing clinical development and obtaining regulatory approval. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant expenses related to developing our commercialization
capability to support product sales, marketing, and distribution. Further, following the completion of this offering, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can
generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings and collaborations or licensing arrangements. We may be unable to raise additional funds or
enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as, and when, needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back our development or
commercialization plans for one or more of our product candidates. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product
development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail
to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. COVID-19 In March 2020, COVID-19 was declared
a global pandemic by the World Health Organization and to date, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present a substantial public health and economic challenge around the world. The length of time and full extent to which
the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain, subject to change and are difficult to predict. While
we continue to conduct our research and development activities, the COVID-19 pandemic may cause disruptions that affect our ability to initiate and complete preclinical studies, future clinical trials or to procure items that are essential
for our research and development activities. We plan to continue to closely monitor the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our
employees and our business operations. In an effort to provide a safe work environment for our employees, we have, among other things, increased the cadence of sanitization of our office and lab facilities, implemented various social distancing
measures in our office and labs including replacing in-person meetings with virtual interactions, and are providing personal protective equipment for our employees present in our office and lab
facilities. We expect to continue to take actions as may be required or recommended by government authorities or as we determine are in the best interests of our employees and other business partners in light of the pandemic. 57 Table of Contents Components of Our Results of Operations Operating Expenses Our operating expenses are
comprised of research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for our research activities, including our discovery efforts, and progressing our
programs, which include: • personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, for employees engaged
in research and development functions; • expenses incurred in connection with our research programs, including under agreements with third parties, such
as consultants and contractors and contract research organizations, or CROs; • the cost of manufacturing drug substance and drug product for use in our research and preclinical studies and
future clinical trials under agreements with third parties, such as consultants and contractors and contract development and manufacturing organizations, or CDMOs; • laboratory supplies and research materials; • facilities, depreciation and amortization and other expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for
rent and maintenance of facilities and insurance; and • payments made under third-party licensing agreements. We track our direct external research and development expenses on a program-by-program basis. These consist of costs that include fees, reimbursed materials, and other costs paid to consultants, contractors, CDMOs, and CROs in connection
with our preclinical and manufacturing activities. We do not allocate employee costs, costs associated with our discovery efforts, laboratory supplies, and facilities expenses, including depreciation or other indirect costs, to specific product
development programs because these costs are deployed across multiple programs and our platform and, as such, are not separately classified. We expect
that our research and development expenses will increase substantially as we advance our programs into clinical development and expand our discovery, research and preclinical activities in the near term and in the future. At this time, we cannot
accurately estimate or know the nature, timing and cos