, both internal and external to the Company. The general component is calculated separately for each risk category. F-30 TABLE OF CONTENTS The ALL represents the Company’s estimate of probable and estimable losses inherent to the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Losses are charged to the ALL when recognized. Generally, loans are charged off or charged down at the point at which they are determined to be uncollectible in whole or in part unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. The Company establishes the amount of the ALL by loan type, at least quarterly, and the Company adjusts the provision for loan losses so the ALL is at an appropriate level at the balance sheet date. The Company determines ALL as the best estimate within a range of estimated losses. The methodologies the Company uses to estimate the ALL depend upon the impairment status and risk category of the loan. After applying historic loss experience, as described above, the Company reviews the quantitatively derived level of ALL for each category using qualitative criteria. The Company tracks various risk factors that influence the judgment regarding the level of the ALL across the risk categories. Risk factors include changes in national, regional, and local economic conditions that affect the borrowers’ business, delinquency, and charge off trends, and data from peer groups, among others. The Company reviews changes in these factors to ensure that changes in the level of the ALL are directionally consistent with changes in these factors. Nonaccrual loans – The Company’s policy is to place loans on a nonaccrual status when: 1) payment is in default for 90 days or more unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection; or 2) full repayment of principal and interest is not foreseen. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all accrued and uncollected interest on that loan is reversed. Past-due interest received on nonaccrual loans is not recognized in interest income but is applied as a reduction of the outstanding principal of the loan consistent with the accounting for impaired loans. A loan is relieved of its nonaccrual status when all principal and interest payments are brought current, the loan is well secured, and an analysis of the borrower's financial condition provides reasonable assurance that the borrower can repay the loan as scheduled. Impaired loans – Loans are considered impaired when, based on current information and events; it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement, including scheduled interest payments. When a loan is impaired, the Company estimates a specific reserve for the loan based on the fair value of the loan’s underlying collateral, less the cost to sell, or the projected present value of future cash flows. Payments received on impaired loans that are accruing are recognized in interest income, according to the contractual loan agreement. Payments received on impaired loans that are on nonaccrual status are not recognized in interest income but are applied as a reduction of the outstanding principal. Payments are recognized when cash is received. Troubled debt restructurings (TDR) – Loans may be modified in the normal course of business for competitive reasons or to strengthen the Company’s position. Loan modifications and restructurings may also occur when the borrower experiences financial difficulty and needs temporary or permanent relief from the original contractual terms of the loan. These modifications are structured on a loan-by-loan basis and, depending on the circumstances, may include extended payment terms, a modified interest rate, forgiveness of principal, or other concessions. Loans that have been modified to accommodate a borrower who is experiencing financial difficulties, and for which the Company has granted a concession that it would not otherwise consider, are considered a TDR. The Company considers many factors in determining whether to agree to a loan modification involving concessions, and seeks a solution that will both minimize potential loss to the Company and attempt to help the borrower. The Company evaluates borrowers’ current and forecasted future cash flows, their ability and willingness to make current contractual or proposed modified payments, the value of the underlying collateral, the possibility of obtaining additional security or guarantees, and the potential costs related to a repossession or foreclosure and the subsequent sale of the collateral. TDRs may be classified as either accrual or nonaccrual loans. A loan on nonaccrual status and restructured as a TDR will remain on nonaccrual status until the borrower has proven the ability to perform under the modified structure for a minimum of six months, and there is evidence that such payments can and are likely to continue as agreed. Performance prior to the restructuring, or significant events that coincide with the restructuring, are included in assessing whether the borrower can meet the new terms and may result in the loan being returned to accrual status at the time of restructuring or after a shorter performance period. If the borrower’s ability to meet the revised payment schedule is uncertain, the loan remains classified as a nonaccrual loan. F-31 TABLE OF CONTENTS Premises and equipment, net – Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation included in the operating expense is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Expenditures for new premises and equipment and major improvements are capitalized. Normal costs of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Gains and losses on dispositions are included in non-interest expense. Income taxes – Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company recognizes only the impact of tax positions that, based on their technical merits, are more likely than not to be sustained upon an audit by the taxing authority. Developing the provision for income taxes, including the effective tax rate and analysis of potential tax exposure items, if any, requires significant judgment and expertise in federal and state income tax laws, regulations and strategies, including the determination of deferred income tax assets and liabilities and any estimated valuation allowances deemed necessary to value deferred income tax assets. Judgments and tax strategies are subject to audit by various taxing authorities. While the Company believes it has no significant uncertain income tax positions in the consolidated financial statements, adverse determinations by these taxing authorities could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements. Transfer of financial assets – Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales, when control over the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when: 1) the assets have been isolated from the Company, 2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and 3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. SBA servicing asset – Servicing assets are recognized as separate assets when servicing rights are acquired through sale of financial assets. For sales of SBA loans, or portions of SBA loans, with servicing retained, a portion of the cost of originating the loan is allocated to the servicing asset based on relative fair value. Fair value is based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future servicing income. Servicing assets are subsequently measured using the amortization method which requires servicing assets to be amortized into non-interest income in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated future net servicing income of the underlying loans. The SBA servicing asset is evaluated annually for impairment based on the fair value of the asset as compared to amortized cost. Capitalized servicing rights are stated separately on the consolidated balance sheet and are amortized into non-interest income in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income of the underlying financial assets. Servicing fee income, which is reported in the consolidated statements of income in SBA loan servicing fees, is recorded for fees earned for servicing loans. The fees are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal and recorded as income when earned. The amortization of servicing assets and changes in the valuation allowance are netted against loan servicing income. Revenue from contracts with customers – The Company applies the provisions of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”). The core principle of this standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Services that the Company reports as part of non-interest income are subject to ASC 606 and include fees from its deposit customers for transaction-based activities, account maintenance charges and overdraft services. Transaction-based fees, such as ACH and wire transfer fees, overdraft, return and stop payment charges, are recognized at the time such transactions are executed and the services have been fulfilled by the Company. The fees are typically withdrawn from the customer’s deposit account b