An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together
with all of the other information included in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may not be able to successfully
implement our growth strategy on a timely basis or at all, which could harm our growth and results of operations. Our
growth is dependent on our ability to open profitable new stores. We believe we have an opportunity to continue to grow our store base from 258 stores in 18 states as of May 4, 2013, to more than 2,000 locations over time. Our ability to open profitable new stores depends on many factors, including our ability to: • identify suitable markets and sites for new stores; • negotiate leases with acceptable terms; • achieve brand awareness in the new markets; • efficiently source and distribute additional merchandise; • maintain adequate distribution capacity, information systems and other operational system capabilities; • hire, train and retain store management and other qualified personnel; and • achieve sufficient levels of cash flow and financing to support our expansion. Unavailability of attractive store locations, delays in the acquisition or opening of new stores, delays or costs resulting from a
decrease in commercial development due to capital constraints, difficulties in staffing and operating new store locations or lack of customer acceptance of stores in new market areas may negatively impact our new store growth and the costs or the
profitability associated with new stores. Additionally, some of our new stores may be located in areas where we have little
experience or a lack of brand recognition. Those markets may have different competitive conditions, market conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets, which may cause these new stores to be less
successful than stores in our existing markets. Other new stores may be located in areas where we have existing stores. Although we have experience in these markets, increasing the number of locations in these markets may result in inadvertent
over-saturation of markets and temporarily or permanently divert customers and sales from our existing stores, thereby adversely affecting our overall financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will achieve our planned growth or, even if we are able to grow our store base as planned, that any new stores will perform as planned. If we fail to successfully
implement our growth strategy, we will not be able to sustain the rapid growth in sales and profits that we expect, which would likely have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. Any disruption in our ability to select, obtain, distribute and market merchandise attractive to customers at prices that allow us to profitably sell such merchandise could impact our business
negatively. We generally have been able to select and obtain sufficient quantities of attractive merchandise at prices
that allow us to be profitable. If we are unable to continue to select products that are attractive to our customers, to obtain such products at costs that allow us to sell such products at a profit, or to market such products effectively 10 Table of Contents to consumers, our sales or profitability could be affected adversely. In addition, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to
evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations and needs. If we are unable to quickly respond to developing trends or if the spending patterns or demographics of these markets change, and we do not timely and appropriately
respond to such changes, then the demand for our products, which are discretionary, and our market share could be adversely affected. Failure to maintain attractive stores and to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer needs,
preferences and spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and our market share. Any disruption in the supply or increase in pricing of our merchandise could negatively impact our ability to achieve anticipated operating results. The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of
domestic and international vendors. We have not experienced any difficulty in obtaining sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe that, if one or more of our current sources of supply become unavailable, we would generally be able to
obtain alternative sources without experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs and reduce the quality of our merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative
sources could affect our sales. A significant majority of our merchandise is manufactured outside the United States, and
changes in the prices and flow of these goods for any reason could have an adverse impact on our operations. The United States and other countries have occasionally proposed and enacted protectionist trade legislation, which may result in changes in
tariff structures and trade policies and restrictions that could increase the cost or reduce the availability of certain merchandise. Any of these or other measures or events relating to vendors and the countries in which they are located or where
our merchandise is manufactured, some or all of which are beyond our control, can negatively impact our operations, increase costs and lower our margins. Such events or circumstances include, but are not limited to: • political and economic instability; • the financial instability and labor problems of vendors; • the availability and cost of raw materials; • merchandise quality or safety issues; • changes in currency exchange rates; • inflation; and • transportation availability and cost. These and other factors affecting our vendors and our access to products could affect our financial performance adversely. Our new store growth is dependent upon our ability to successfully expand our distribution network capacity, and failure to achieve or sustain these plans could affect our performance adversely. We maintain a distribution center in New Castle, Delaware and during fiscal 2012, we signed a lease for a new
distribution center in Olive Branch, Mississippi to support our growth objectives, which is now fully operational. Delays in opening new distribution centers in the future could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth, which
could in turn reduce sales growth. In addition, any distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages;
unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. The completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ
significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. We cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets. 11 Table of Contents A significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could
adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits. We currently rely
primarily on our distribution center in New Castle, Delaware to distribute our products. Because most of our products are distributed from this center, the loss of our distribution center, due to natural disaster or otherwise, would materially
affect our operations. We also rely upon independent third-party transportation to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner, through deliveries to our distribution centers from vendors and then from the distribution centers
or direct ship vendors to our stores. Our use of outside delivery services for shipments is subject to risks outside of our control and any disruption, unanticipated expense or operational failure related to this process could affect store
operations negatively. For example, unexpected delivery delays or increases in transportation costs (including through increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to
generate sales and earn profits. In addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of
deliveries could negatively affect our business. If we change shipping companies, we could face logistical difficulties that could adversely impact deliveries and we would incur costs and expend resources in connection with such change. Moreover, we
may not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the independent third-party transportation providers we currently use, which would increase our costs. Inability to attract and retain qualified employees, particularly senior management and district, store and distribution center managers, and to control labor costs, as well as other labor issues,
could adversely affect our business. Our growth could be adversely impacted by our inability to attract, retain and
motivate qualified employees at the store operations level, in distribution facilities, and at the corporate level, at costs which allow us to profitably conduct our operations. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while contr