” or in other parts of this prospectus. Historically, our business has been operated through Fluence Energy, LLC, together with its subsidiaries. Fluence Energy, Inc. was formed for the purpose of this offering and has engaged to date only in activities in contemplation of this offering. Upon the completion of this offering, all of our business will continue to be conducted through Fluence Energy, LLC, together with its subsidiaries, and the financial results of Fluence Energy, LLC will be consolidated in our financial statements. Fluence Energy, Inc. will be a holding company whose sole material asset will be the LLC Interests in Fluence Energy LLC. Fluence Energy LLC is, and will continue to be, taxed as a partnership for federal income tax purposes and, as a result, its members, including Fluence Energy, Inc. will pay income taxes with respect to their allocable shares of its net taxable income. For more information regarding the organizational transactions and holding company structure, see “Our Organizational Structure.” As of June 30, 2021, Fluence Energy, LLC had three subsidiaries: Fluence Energy GmbH in Germany, Fluence Energy Pty Ltd. in Australia, and Fluence Energy Inc. in the Philippines. Our fiscal year begins on October 1 and ends on September 30. Overview We are enabling the global clean energy transition with market-leading energy storage products and services and digital applications for renewables and storage. We believe energy storage is at the center of this transition and is becoming even more important as more renewables are added to the grid and the transportation sector moves towards electrification. We are driving change by delivering configurable energy storage product, service, and digital application packages, as well as our AI-enabled Fluence IQ Platform to optimize renewable and third-party storage assets. Our offerings help major utilities, developers, and C&I customers around the world to deliver a more sustainable, reliable, and resilient electric grid in a repeatable, scalable way. Fluence Energy, LLC was established in January 2018 as a joint venture between AES Grid Stability and Siemens Industry. On December 27, 2020, we entered into a subscription agreement with QFH for the issuance of 1,250,000 Class B units for a total value of $125.0 million. Following the completion of the transaction on June 9, 2021, and as of June 30, 2021, AES Grid Stability holds 3,960,000 Class A units, or 43.2% of our limited liability interest, Siemens Industry holds 3,960,000 Class A units, or 43.2% of our limited liability interest and QFH holds 1,250,000 Class B units, or 13.6% of our limited liability interests. Since our inception in January 2018, we have focused on international growth and to further develop our energy storage product and delivery services, the operational services, and digital applications. We have incurred net operating losses each year since our inception. We have financed our operations with equity contributions from AES Grid Stability, Siemens Industry, and QFH, cash and cash equivalents, negative working capital, and short-term borrowings. As of June 30, 2021, we deployed cumulative 942 MW of energy storage products, compared to 460 MW as of September 30, 2020. We recognized revenue of $492.6 million, representing an increase of $170.7 million, or 53.0%, for the nine months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the nine months ended June 30, 2020 as we expanded our sales in terms of the number of energy storage products sold as well as geographic footprint in 2021. Revenue generated from operations in the United States increased from $230.6 million in the nine months ended June 30, 2020 to $357.1 million in the nine months ended June 30, 2021, representing a 54.9% increase. Revenue generated from international operations increased from $91.3 million 84 TABLE OF CONTENTS in the nine months ended June 30, 2020 to $135.5 million in the nine months ended June 30, 2021, representing a 48.4% increase, which was driven by growth in existing international markets and expansion into new markets. Revenue and costs of goods and services both increased significantly due to increased sales volumes, while relatively greater weighted average cost of material and supplies, resulted in a decreased gross profit margin for the nine months ended June 30, 2021 compared to the nine months ended June 30, 2020. Research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses all increased for the nine months ended June 30, 2021, compared to the nine months ended June 30, 2020 as we have been investing heavily in our human capital, technology, products and services to support significant increases in our operations and related revenues. We expect these expenses to increase for the foreseeable future as we experience continuing substantial growth and mature as a public company. We believe the anticipated proceeds of this offering along with cash flows from operations, short-term borrowing, and our June 2021 investment from QIA will be sufficient to meet our expense and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Key Factors and Trends We believe that our performance and future success depend on several factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in the section of this prospectus titled “Risk Factors.” Expected Decrease In Lithium-ion Battery Cost Our revenue growth is directly tied to the continued adoption of energy storage products by our customers. The cost of lithium-ion energy storage hardware has declined significantly in the last decade and has resulted in a large addressable market today. According to BloombergNEF, the component costs for lithium-ion battery packs are expected to fall from $161 per kilowatt hour (“kWh”) in 2020 to $73/kWh in 2030, an 8% annual reduction over this period. The market for energy storage is rapidly evolving, and while we believe costs will continue to decline, there is no guarantee that they will decline or decline at the rates we expect. If costs do not continue to decline, this could adversely affect our ability to increase our revenue or grow our business. Increasing Deployment Of Renewable Energy Deployment of renewable energy resources has accelerated over the last decade, and solar and wind have become a low-cost energy source. BloombergNEF estimates that renewable energy is expected to represent 70% of all new global capacity installations over the next 10 years. Energy storage is critical to reducing the intermittency and volatility of solar and wind generation. Competition We are a global energy storage leader. We intend to leverage our competitive strengths, technology, leadership, and market share position to help transform the way we power our world for a more sustainable future. The market for our products is competitive, and we may face increased competition as new and existing competitors introduce energy storage solutions and components. Furthermore, as we expand our services and digital applications in the future, we may face other competitors including software providers and some hardware manufacturers that offer software solutions. If our market share declines due to increased competition, our revenue and ability to generate profits in the future may be adversely affected. Seasonality We experience seasonality and typically see increased order intake in our third and fourth fiscal quarters (April – September), driven by demand in the Northern Hemisphere to install energy storage products before the summer of the following year. Combined third and fourth fiscal quarter order intake generally accounted for 80% or more of our total intake each year. As a result, revenue generation is typically significantly stronger in our third and fourth fiscal quarters as we provide the majority of our products to 85 TABLE OF CONTENTS customers during these periods. Cash flows historically have been negative in our first and second fiscal quarters, neutral to positive in our third fiscal quarter, and positive in our fourth fiscal quarter. See “Recent Developments — Preliminary Fourth Quarter Results.” Our services and digital applications and solutions offerings do not experience the same seasonality given their recurring nature. Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a strain of novel coronavirus disease, the COVID-19 pandemic, a global pandemic. Governments in affected areas and countries in which we operate have imposed a number of measures designed to contain the outbreak, including business closures, travel restrictions, quarantines, and cancellations of gatherings and events. We have implemented operational and protective measures to ensure the safety, health, and welfare of our employees and stakeholders. This includes implementing work from home policies for all office employees. We have also ensured that all employees and visitors that visit our facilities have access to personal protective equipment, and we strictly enforce social distancing. Many of the sites where our products and services are delivered have been declared critical infrastructure and remained open following the respective safety protocols. However, many of our customers’ project sites have experienced shutdowns and delays related to COVID-19. We will maintain these precautions and procedures until the COVID-19 pandemic is under adequate control. As of June 30, 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on our operations or financial condition. The full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, such as the ultimate duration and scope of the pandemic, its impact on our employees, customers, and vendors, in addition to how quickly normal economic conditions and operations resume and whether the pandemic impacts other 