Investing
    in our Common Stock involves significant risks. See “Risk Factors” on page 11 of this prospectus for a discussion
    of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our Common Stock. Trading
    Symbol Our
    shares of Common Stock are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “FLUX.” (1) The
    number of shares of Common Stock that will be outstanding after this offering as shown above is based on 16,835,698 shares of Common
    Stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2025, but excludes the following: ● 200,000
    shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to restricted stock units, granted under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021
    Plan”), as of June 30, 2025; ● 796,660
    shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to options outstanding, granted under our 2021 Plan, as of June 30, 2025 with a weighted
    average exercise price of $4.10; ● 1,133,892
    shares of Common Stock reserved and available for future issuance under our 2021 Plan as of June 30, 2025; ● 1,000,000
    shares of Common Stock reserved and available for future issuance under our 2025 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2025 Plan”)
    as of June 30, 2025; ● 252,120
    shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) as of June 30,
    2025; and ● 1,413,110
    shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to warrants outstanding, as of June 30, 2025 with a weighted average exercise price of $6.14. Unless
otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise or settlement of the outstanding restricted stock units,
options and warrants described above. 10 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included
herein, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects
could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If
any of the risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely
affected. Unless otherwise indicated, references in these risk factors to our business being harmed will include harm to our business,
reputation, brand, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. In such event, the market price of our securities could
decline. Risk
Factors Relating to Our Business Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern
in its report on our audited financial statements included in this prospectus. Our audited financial statements at June 30, 2025, and
for the year then ended, were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Management
has evaluated the Company’s expected cash requirements, including investments in additional sales and marketing, research and development,
capital expenditures and working capital requirements, and believes the Company’s existing cash and funding available under the
GBC Credit Facility, along with the forecasted gross margin, will not be sufficient to meet the Company’s anticipated capital requirements
to fund planned operations for the next twelve months following the filing date of this prospectus. The
report from our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ended June 30, 2025 includes an explanatory paragraph stating
that our current liquidity position and projected cash needs raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern,
along with management’s assessment and strategies. The perception that we may not be able to continue as a going concern may make
it difficult for us to raise new funds and to operate our business due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual obligations.
There is no assurance that sufficient financing will be available when needed or on reasonable terms to allow us to continue our operations.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon, among other factors, the availability of the GBC Credit Facility or obtaining
alternate financing. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital. See Liquidity and Financial
Condition in Note 2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the audited consolidated financial statements for additional
information. We
have a history of losses and negative working capital. For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, we had net losses of $6.7 million and $8.3 million, respectively. We have historically
experienced net losses and until we generate sufficient revenue, we anticipate that we will continue to experience losses in the near
future. As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, we had a cash balance of $1.3 million and $0.6 million, respectively. We currently believe that our existing
cash balances, availability of our GBC credit facility, cash resources from operations and gross proceeds from our recent private placement
will not be sufficient to fund our existing and planned operations for the next twelve months. Until such time as we generate sufficient
cash to fund our operations, we will need additional capital to continue our operations thereafter. We
have historically relied on equity financing, borrowings under short-term loans with related parties, credit facilities and/or cash resources
from operating activities to fund our operations. Specifically, we have relied heavily on a credit facility with GBC, and there can be
no assurance that we will be able to maintain this facility, obtain additional funds via a new facility or that funds will be available
on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Failure to maintain the GBC debt facility without a replacement facility would have material adverse
impact on our operations. 11 If
we were to access additional capital via an equity or equity-linked financing, such funding would result in dilution of the ownership
interests of our current stockholders. If funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our operations or
take other actions to preserve our cash, which may have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows and results of operations. We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses,
or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls,
we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business
and stock price. Based
on management’s evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2025, we identified material weaknesses in
our internal controls over financial reporting. The material weaknesses were based on our ineffective oversight of our internal control
over financial reporting and lack of sufficient personnel resources with technical accounting expertise related to certain aspects of
the financial reporting process. While management intends to continue the use of third-party consultants and technical accounting experts
and to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate material weaknesses, there can
be no assurance that these steps will be effective. We
have concluded that the previously issued audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023
and the unaudited consolidated financial statements as of and for the quarters ended September 30, 2023, December 31, 2023, and March
31, 2024, which were filed with the SEC on September 21, 2023, November 9, 2023, February 8, 2024 and May 13, 2024, respectively, should
no longer be relied upon because of errors in such financial statements relating to the improper accounting for inventory. Our Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed for the year ended June 30, 2024 included the restatement of those periods. As a part of this restatement and
evaluation process, we also discovered that: (a) the
    Company’s original estimate of the overstatement of inventories had risen due to additional excess and obsolete inventory identified
    related to inventory components not recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value, as well as consigned inventory not reconciled
    in a timely manner; (b) the
    Company had not properly recognized revenue in the periods in which the related performance obligations had been satisfied for a
    contract with a certain customer, and that the Company had improperly recorded accounts receivable pertaining to that contract as
    a reduction to its accounts payable owed to that customer although the right of offset conditions under ASC 210-20 had not been met,
    resulting in misstatements to revenues, accounts receivable and accounts payable; (c) the
    Company had improperly recorded various inventory write downs to research and development expenses although such expenses did not
    meet the classification criteria for research and development under ASC 730, resulting in an overstatement of research and development
    expenses and a corresponding understatement of cost of sales; (d) the
    Company had various clearing accounts that had not been reconciled in a timely manner, resulting in misstatements of accounts payable,
    inventories and cost of sales; (e) the
    Company had not included certain product warranty-related expenses within the proper periods in its calculation of its product wa