See “Risk Factors” and the other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our Common Stock. Controlled company In connection with our IPO, pursuant to the Director Nomination Agreement, AE Industrial Partners, as representative of the Investor Group, and as a result of the receipt of certain voting proxies, controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding Common Stock with respect to the election of our directors, and as a result we are a controlled company within the meaning of corporate governance standards. See “Risk Factors” and “Management—Controlled Company Exemption.” The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding is based on 159,251,122 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of November 10, 2025, and excludes (i) 24,110,000 shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our omnibus equity incentive plan (the “Equity Incentive Plan”), (ii) 15,560,131 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options with a weighted average exercise price of $1.3102, or (iii) 646,464 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of warrants to purchase preferred stock at an exercise price of $21.1725 per share outstanding as of November 10, 2025. 7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you decide to invest in our Common Stock, you should consider carefully the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. We believe the risks described below are the risks that are material to us as of the date of this prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management, sales and marketing, administrative, financial, R&D, and other resources. Additionally, our organizational structure is becoming more complex as we scale our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth, such failure could negatively affect our reputation and harm our ability to attract new customers and to grow our business. In order to achieve the future revenue growth we have projected, we must develop and market new products and services. We intend to expand our operations significantly. To properly manage our growth, we will need to hire and retain additional personnel, upgrade our existing operational management and financial and reporting systems, and improve our business processes and controls. Our future expansion will include: • scaling our revenue and achieving the operating efficiencies necessary to achieve and maintain profitability; • anticipating and responding to changing customer preferences; • anticipating and responding to macroeconomic changes generally, including changes in the markets for launch services and spacecraft solutions and services and related technology and components; • improving and expanding our operations and information systems; • successfully competing against established companies and new market entrants; • managing and improving our business processes in response to changing business needs; • effectively scaling our operations while maintaining high customer satisfaction; • realizing the expected benefits of the SciTec acquisition, and integrating any future acquisitions, including personnel, systems, and business processes; • avoiding or managing interruptions in our business from information technology downtime, cybersecurity breaches and other factors affecting our physical and digital infrastructure; • adapting to changing conditions in our industry; • complying with regulations applicable to our business; 8 Table of Contents • hiring and training talented employees at all levels of our business; • developing new technologies; • controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations; • upgrading the existing operational management and financial reporting systems and team to comply with requirements as a public company; and • implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems, and processes. If our operations continue to grow as planned, of which there can be no assurance, we will need to expand our sales and marketing, R&D, customer and commercial strategy, products and services, supply, and manufacturing functions. These efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources, including in industries and sales channels in which we have limited experience to date. We will also need to continue to leverage our manufacturing and operational systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to scale the business as currently planned or within the planned timeframe. The continued expansion of our business may also require additional manufacturing and operational facilities, as well as space for administrative support, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to find suitable locations for the manufacture of our space vehicles and related equipment. Our continued growth could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties, including difficulties in hiring and training employees, finding manufacturing capacity to produce our space vehicles and related equipment, and delays in production. These difficulties may divert the attention of management and key employees and impact financial and operational results. If we are unable to drive commensurate growth, these costs, which include lease commitments, headcount, and capital assets, could result in decreased margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have a history of losses, we anticipate increasing operating expenses and capital expenditures in the future and we may not be able to achieve and, if ever achieved, maintain profitability. We experienced net losses of $231.1 million and $135.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and net losses of $257.3 million and $147.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We expect to continue to incur net losses for the next several years and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. Because the markets for launch services, space systems, related components and space data applications are evolving, it is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations or the limits of our market opportunity. In addition, our customers for whom we provide these products and services may experience delays or technical challenges with their products and services that limit or delay our expected revenue and future growth opportunities from those customers. We expect our operating expenses and capital expenditures to significantly increase as we make significant investments, expand our operations and infrastructure, develop and introduce new technologies, and hire additional personnel. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in revenue growth or increased efficiency. In addition, as we grow as a public company, we will continue to incur additional significant administrative expenses that we did not incur as a private company. If our revenue does not increase to offset these expected increases in our operating expenses, we will not be profitable in future periods. Our ability to achieve profitability is dependent on our ability to generate cash flows from operations, identify and obtain additional sources of funding and pursue expense reduction opportunities, but we may be unable to successfully implement these strategies. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability and may continue to incur significant losses going forward. Any failure by us to achieve or sustain profitability on a consistent basis could cause the value of our Common Stock to decline. 9 Table of Contents We have in the past and may in the future experience delayed launches, launch failures, failure of our launch vehicles, landers, or orbital vehicles to reach their planned orbital locations, significant increases in the costs related to launches of launch vehicles, landers, or orbital vehicles, and insufficient capacity available from third-party providers of launch services with whom we partner. Any such issue could result in the loss of our launch vehicles, landers, or orbital vehicles or cause significant delays in their deployment, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Delays in launching launch vehicles, landers or orbital vehicles are common and can result from manufacturing delays, supply chain delays, natural or man-made disasters, adverse weather conditions or issues at the facilities used for testing, training, and operating space-related activities, including launch sites, extended