Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk
factors, as well as the other information in this prospectus,
before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock.
If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition and results of operations would suffer. In
this case, the trading price of our common stock would likely
decline and you might lose all or part of your investment in our
common stock. The risks described below are not the only ones we
face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about or
that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our
business operations. Risks Related to Our Business and
Industry Our
operating results are likely to fluctuate, which could cause us
to miss expectations about these results and cause the trading
price of our common stock to decline. Our operating results are likely to fluctuate. As
a result, we believe that you should not rely on
period-to-period comparisons of our financial results as an
indication of our future performance. Factors that are likely to
cause our revenues and operating results to fluctuate include
those discussed in the risk factors below. If our revenues or
operating results fall below the expectations of market analysts
or investors, the market price of our common stock could decline
substantially. Cyclicality
in the semiconductor industry historically has affected our
sales and might do so in the future, and as a result we could
experience reduced revenues or operating results. The semiconductor industry has historically been
cyclical and is characterized by wide fluctuations in product
supply and demand. From time to time, this industry has
experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or
in anticipation of, maturing product and technology cycles,
excess inventories and declines in general economic conditions.
This cyclicality could cause our operating results to decline
dramatically from one period to the next. For example, our
revenues in the three months ended September 29, 2001
declined by 25.5% compared to our revenues in the three months
ended June 30, 2001, and our revenues in the three months
ended March 29, 2003 declined by 15.7% compared to our
revenues in the three months ended December 28, 2002. Our
business depends heavily upon the development of new
semiconductors and semiconductor designs, the volume of
production by semiconductor manufacturers and the overall
financial strength of our customers, which, in turn, depend upon
the current and anticipated market demand for semiconductors and
products, such as personal computers, that use semiconductors.
Semiconductor manufacturers generally sharply curtail their
spending during industry downturns and historically have lowered
their spending disproportionately more than the decline in their
revenues. As a result, if we are unable to adjust our levels of
manufacturing and human resources or manage our costs and
deliveries from suppliers in response to lower spending by
semiconductor manufacturers, our gross margin might decline and
cause us to experience operating losses. If
we do not keep pace with technological developments in the
semiconductor industry, our products might not be competitive
and our revenues and operating results could
suffer. We must continue to invest in research and
development to improve our competitive position and to meet the
needs of our customers. Our future growth depends, in
significant part, upon our ability to work effectively with and
anticipate the testing needs of our customers, and on our
ability to develop and support new products and product
enhancements to meet these needs on a timely and cost-effective
basis. Our customers’ testing needs are becoming more
challenging as the semiconductor industry continues to
experience rapid technological change driven by the demand for
complex circuits that are shrinking in size and at the same time
are increasing in speed and functionality and becoming less
expensive to produce. Examples of recent trends driving demand
for technological research and development include semiconductor
manufacturers’ transitions to 110 nanometer and
90 nanometer technology nodes, to 512 megabit density
devices and to Double Date Rate II, or DDR II,
architecture devices. Our customers expect that they will be
able to integrate our wafer probe cards into any manufacturing
process as soon as it is deployed. Therefore, to meet these
expectations and remain competitive, we must continually design,
develop and introduce on a timely basis new products and product
enhancements 8 Table of Contents with improved features. Successful product
design, development and introduction on a timely basis require
that we: • design innovative and performance-enhancing
    features that differentiate our products from those of our
    competitors; • transition our products to new manufacturing
    technologies; • identify emerging technological trends in our
    target markets; • maintain effective marketing strategies; • respond effectively to technological changes or
    product announcements by others; and • adjust to changing market conditions quickly and
    cost-effectively. We must devote significant research and
development resources to keep up with the rapidly evolving
technologies used in semiconductor manufacturing processes. Not
only do we need the technical expertise to implement the changes
necessary to keep our technologies current, but we must also
rely heavily on the judgment of our management to anticipate
future market trends. If we are unable to timely predict
industry changes, or if we are unable to modify our products on
a timely basis, we might lose customers or market share. In
addition, we might not be able to recover our research and
development expenditures, which could harm our operating results. If
semiconductor memory device manufacturers do not convert to
300 mm wafers, our growth could be impeded. The growth of our business for the foreseeable
future depends in large part upon sales of our wafer probe cards
to manufacturers of dynamic random access memory, or DRAM, and
flash memory devices. The recent downturn in the semiconductor
industry caused various chip manufacturers to readdress their
respective strategies for converting existing 200 mm wafer
fabrication facilities to 300 mm wafer fabrication, or for
building new 300 mm wafer fabrication facilities. Some
manufacturers have delayed, cancelled or postponed previously
announced plans to convert to 300 mm wafer fabrication. We
believe that the decision to convert to a 300 mm wafer
fabrication facility is made by each manufacturer based upon
both internal and external factors, such as: • current and projected chip prices; • projected price erosion for the
    manufacturer’s particular chips; • supply and demand issues; • overall manufacturing capability within the
    manufacturer’s target market(s); • the availability of funds to the manufacturer; • the technology roadmap of the manufacturer; and • the price and availability of equipment needed
    within the 300 mm facility. One or more of these internal and external
factors, as well as other factors, including factors that a
manufacturer may choose to not publicly disclose, can impact the
decision to maintain a 300 mm conversion schedule, to delay
the conversion schedule for a period of time, or to cancel the
conversion. It is also possible that the conversion to
300 mm wafers will occur on different schedules for DRAM
chip manufacturers and flash memory chip manufacturers. We have
invested significant resources to develop technology that
addresses the market for 300 mm wafers. If manufacturers of
memory devices delay or discontinue the transition to
300 mm wafers, or make the transition more slowly than we
currently expect, our growth and profitability could be impeded.
In addition, any delay in large-scale adoption of manufacturing
based upon 300 mm wafers would provide time for other
companies to develop and market products that compete with ours,
which could harm our competitive position. 9 Table of Contents We
are subject to general economic and market
conditions. Our business is subject to the effects of general
economic conditions in the United States and worldwide, and to
market conditions in the semiconductor industry in particular.
For example, in fiscal 2001, our operating results were
adversely affected by unfavorable global economic conditions and
reduced capital spending by semiconductor manufacturers. These
adverse conditions resulted in a decrease in the demand for
semiconductors and products using semiconductors, and in a sharp
reduction in the development of new semiconductors and
semiconductor designs. As a result, we experienced a decrease in
the demand for our wafer probe cards. If the economic conditions
in the United States and worldwide do not improve, or if they
worsen from current levels, we could experience material
negative effects on our business. We
depend upon the sale of our wafer probe cards for substantially
all of our revenues, and a downturn in demand for our products
could have a more disproportionate impact on our revenues than
if we derived revenues from a more diversified product
offering. Historically, we have derived substantially all
of our revenues from the sale of our wafer probe cards. We
anticipate that sales of our wafer probe cards will represent a
substantial majority of our revenues for the foreseeable future.
Our business depends in large part upon continued demand in
current markets for, and adoption in new markets of, current and
future generations of our wafer probe cards. Large-scale market
adoption depends upon our ability to increase customer awareness
of the benefits of our wafer probe cards and to prove their
reliability, ability to increase yields and cost effectiveness.
We may be unable to sell our wafer probe cards to c