: You should carefully read and consider
    the information set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” beginning on page 11 and all other information set forth in
    this prospectus before investing in our common stock. OTC
    Markets Symbol: YCRM Past Transactions With Trillium Partners, L.P. In November
2023, YCRM issued a convertible note payable, warrants to purchase to the Company’s common stock and Series D Preferred Shares
to Trillium Partners, L.P. The convertible note has principal of $470,000, bears interest at 12%, matures on May 31, 2025 and may be
converted to common shares at the lower of $0.0003 or 50% of the lowest traded price during the thirty days prior to conversion. The
warrants allow the holder to purchase 142,424,186 shares of common stock for $0.0003 (subject to certain specified adjustments) for a
period of seven years from the date of issuance. The issuance of 1,000,000 Series D Preferred shares of stock, is entitled to 2% cumulative
dividend based on the stated value ($1.00), has voting rights (based upon common stock equivalent shares) and are convertible into common
stock at a percentage (10%) of the issued and outstanding shares. On January 11, 2024, YCRM
issued a convertible note payable and warrants to purchase to the Company’s common stock to Trillium Partners, L.P. The convertible
note has principal of $539,000, bears interest at 12%, matures on May 31, 2025 and may be converted to common shares at the lower
of $0.0003 or 50% of the lowest traded price during the thirty days prior to conversion. The warrants allow the holder to purchase 163,333,333
shares of common stock for $0.0003 (subject to certain specified adjustments) for a period of seven years from the date of issuance. Capital Requirements Analysis of our business acquisition
and operations cost indicates a requirement of $3,000,000 or more. Based on market response to our products, services, and technologies,
it is management’s opinion that we will require additional funding. 10 Risk Factors An investment in our common stock
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this prospectus
before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could
be seriously harmed. The trading price of our common stock, when and if we trade at a later date, could decline due to any of these risks,
and you may lose all or part of your investment. We will need to raise additional capital. We will need to obtain additional
operating capital either through equity offerings, debt offerings or a combination thereof, in the future. In addition, if, in the future,
we are not capable of generating sufficient revenues from operations and its capital resources are insufficient to meet future requirements,
we may have to raise funds to allow us to continue to commercialize, market and sell our products. We cannot be certain that funding
will be available on acceptable terms or at all. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders
may experience significant dilution. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants that may impact our ability
to conduct business. If we are unable to raise additional capital if required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly scale
back, delay or discontinue the development and/or commercialization of our technology, restrict our operations or obtain funds by entering
into agreements on unattractive terms. Our financial status raises doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. Our cash and cash equivalents
were $0 at October 31, 2023. For the year ended October 31, 2023, the Company has incurred a net loss of $424,031 and used cash
in operations of $120,832. The working capital deficit, stockholders’ deficit and accumulated deficit were $1,657,168, $2,014,190
and $4,456,156, respectively, at October 31, 2023. These matters raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this Form S-1. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon management’s ability to further implement its business
plan and raise additional capital as needed from the sales of stock or debt. We continue to implement cost-cutting measures, raise equity
through our effective S-1 private placement, restructure or repay our secured obligations and structure payment plans, if necessary, with
vendors and service providers who are owed money. The accompanying consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this Form S-1 do not
include any adjustments that might be required should we be unable to continue as a going concern. We continue to incur significant operating
losses, and management expects that significant on-going operating expenditures will be necessary to successfully implement our business
plan and develop and market our products. Implementation of our plans and our ability to continue as a going concern will depend upon
our ability to market our technology and raise additional capital. Management believes that we have
access to capital resources through possible public or private equity offerings, exchange offers, debt financings, corporate collaborations
or other means. In addition, we continue to explore opportunities to strategically monetize our technology and our services, although
there can be no assurance that we will be successful with such plans. We have historically been able to raise capital through equity
and debt offerings, although no assurance can be provided that we will continue to be successful in the future. If we are unable to raise
sufficient capital through 2024 or otherwise, we may be required to severely curtail, or even to cease, our operations. If our proposed marketing efforts are unsuccessful,
we may not earn enough revenue to expand our operations . Our success will depend on investment
in marketing resources and the successful implementation of our marketing plan. Our marketing plan may include advertising and promotional
materials and advertising campaigns in print and/or broadcast media. We cannot give any assurance that our marketing efforts will be
successful. If they are not, revenue may not be sufficient to cover our fixed costs and we may not become profitable. 11 We may be unable to respond to rapid technology
changes and innovative products. In a constantly changing and
innovative technology market with frequent new product introductions, enhancement and modifications, we may be forced to implement and
develop new technologies into our products for anticipation of changing customer requirements that may significantly impact costs in
order to retain or enhance our competitive position in existing and new markets. There is intense competition in our market. Our market is very saturated
and intensely competitive. Our management is aware that failure to compete with direct market leading companies and new entrants will
affect overall business. Therefore, the faster innovative applications and technologies are implemented to the developed product; the
better the pricing and commercial business strategies management will be able to offer to businesses. Competitive factors in this market
are all related to product performance, price, customer service, training platforms, reputation, sales and marketing effectiveness. Future acquisitions may be unsuccessful and
may negatively affect operations and financial condition . The integration of businesses,
personnel, product lines and technologies can be difficult, time consuming and subject to significant risks. Any difficulties could disrupt
our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, increase our expenses and decrease our revenue. We may be unable to protect our intellectual
property. Our ability to protect proprietary
technology and operate without infringing the rights of others will allow our business to compete successfully and achieve future revenue
growth. If we are unable to protect proprietary technology or infringe upon the rights of others, it could negatively impact our operating
results. If we lose our key personnel or are unable
to hire additional personnel, we will have trouble growing our business . We depend to a large extent on
the abilities of our key management. The loss of any key employee or our inability to attract or retain other qualified employees could
seriously impair our results of operations and financial condition. Our future success depends on
our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled technical, marketing, management, accounting and administrative personnel.
We plan to hire additional personnel in all areas of our business as we grow. Competition for qualified personnel is intense. As a result,
we may be unable to attract and retain qualified personnel. We may also be unable to retain the employees that we currently employ or
to attract additional technical personnel. The failure to retain and attract the necessary personnel could seriously harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Because our executive officers collectively
own a majority of our outstanding shares, they can elect our directors without regard to other stockholders’ votes. Our CEO, Richard Jordan, has
majority voting control through his ownership of 475,000 shares of Series A preferred stock. As a result, he may elect all of our directors,
who in turn elect all executive officers, without regard to the votes of other stockholders. The voting control of Mr. Jordan gives
him the ability to authorize change-in-control transactions, amendments to our Articles of Incorporation and other matters that may not
be in the best interests of our minority stockholders. In this regard, Mr. Jordan has absolute control over our