(e.g., portfolio growth and trends, credit concentrations, economic and regulatory factors, etc.), and 3) unallocated
allowances. The first component,
specific allowances, results from the analysis of identified problem credits and the evaluation of sources of repayment including
collateral, as applicable. Through management’s ongoing credit monitoring process, individual loans are identified that
have conditions indicating the borrower may be unable to pay all amounts due in accordance with contractual terms. These loans
are evaluated for impairment individually by management. Management considers an originated loan to be impaired when it is probable
that collection of all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement is unlikely. Loans that experience
insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance
of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the facts and circumstances
surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower’s prior
payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Interest income is recognized
on impaired loans in the same manner as non-accrual loans. When the fair
value of the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan, the difference is recorded as an impairment through
the establishment of a specific allowance. For loans determined to be impaired, the extent of the impairment is measured based
on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate at origination, based on the
loan’s observable market price, or based on the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent or if foreclosure
is imminent. Generally, with problem F- 10 FIVE STAR BANCORP
AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31,
2020 and 2019 NOTE 1 –
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) credits that are collateral dependent, management obtains appraisals of the collateral at
least annually. Appraisals may be obtained more frequently if management believes the collateral value is subject to market volatility,
if a specific event has occurred to the collateral, or if the Company believes foreclosure is imminent. The second
component, general allowances, is an estimate of the probable inherent losses in each loan pool with similar characteristics.
This analysis encompasses the entire loan portfolio, excluding individually identified impaired loans. The model determines
general allowances by loan segment based on quantitative (loss history) and qualitative risk factors. The third component,
unallocated allowances, is maintained to cover other uncertainties that could affect management’s estimate of probable losses.
The unallocated allowances reflect the margin of imprecision inherent in the underlying assumptions used in the methodologies
for estimating specific and general losses in the portfolio. While management believes the best information available is used
to determine the allowance for loan losses, the results of operations could be significantly affected if circumstances differ
substantially from the assumptions used in determining the allowance. A decline in local and national economic conditions, or
significant changes in other assumptions, could result in a material increase in the allowance for loan losses and may adversely
affect the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. While the Company believes the estimates and assumptions
used in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such
estimates and assumptions will not be proved incorrect in the future, or that the actual amount of future provisions will not
exceed the amount of past provisions or that any increased provisions that may be required will not adversely impact the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. The Company
considers a loan to be a troubled debt restructure (“TDR”) when the Company has granted a concession and the borrower
is experiencing financial difficulty. In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation
is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without
the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Company’s internal underwriting policy. A TDR loan generally is
kept on non-accrual status until, among other criteria, the borrower has paid for six consecutive months with no payment defaults,
at which time the TDR may be placed back on accrual status. In conjunction
with the passage of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (“CARES Act”), as well as the revised interagency
guidance issued in April 2020, “Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working
With Customers Affected by the Coronavirus (Revised)”, banks have been provided the option, for loans meeting specific criteria,
to temporarily suspend certain requirements under GAAP related to TDRs for a limited time to account for the effects of COVID-19.
As a result, the Company has not recognized eligible COVID-19 loan modifications as TDRs. Additionally, loans qualifying for these
modifications are not required to be reported as delinquent, nonaccrual, impaired or criticized solely as a result of a COVID-19
loan modification. Management has evaluated events related to COVID-19 that have occurred subsequent to December 31, 2020 and
has concluded there are no matters that would require recognition in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Federal Home
Loan Bank Stock : Federal Home Loan Bank stock represents the Company’s investment in the stock of the Federal Home Loan
Bank of San Francisco (“FHLB”) and is carried at par value. While technically these are considered equity securities,
there is no market for the FHLB stock. Therefore, the shares are considered as other investment securities. F- 11 FIVE STAR BANCORP
AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31,
2020 and 2019 NOTE 1 –
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) Management periodically
evaluates FHLB stock for other-than-temporary impairment. Management’s determination of whether these investments are impaired
is based on its assessment of the ultimate recoverability of cost rather than by recognizing temporary declines in value. The
determination of whether a decline affects the ultimate recoverability of cost is influenced by criteria such as (1) the significance
of any decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount for the FHLB and the length of time this situation
has persisted, (2) commitments by the FHLB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation
to the operating performance of the FHLB, (3) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on institutions and, accordingly,
the customer base of the FHLB, and (4) the liquidity position of the FHLB. Both cash and stock dividends are reported as noninterest
income. Premises
and Equipment : Premises and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and
amortization are provided for in amounts sufficient to relate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated
service lives using the straight-line basis. The normal estimated lives used in determining depreciation are: Equipment 3–12 years Furniture &
    Fixtures 5–10 years Leasehold Improvements 5–15 years Automobiles 3–5 years Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the remaining term of the lease. The straight-line method of
depreciation is followed for all assets for financial reporting purposes, but accelerated methods are used for tax purposes. When assets
are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts,
and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense
as incurred. Other
Real Estate : Real estate properties acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure (“OREO”) are to be
sold and are initially recorded at fair value of the property at the date of foreclosure less estimated selling costs. Any
write-downs in value are recorded against the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are
periodically performed and any revisions in the estimate of fair value are reported as adjustment to the carrying value of
the real estate, provided the adjusted carrying amount does not exceed the original amount at foreclosure. Subsequent
valuation adjustments are recognized as OREO write-downs. Revenues and expenses incurred from OREO property management are
recorded in noninterest income and expense, respectively. During 2020 and 2019, the Bank did not foreclose on any
loans. Bank
Owned Life Insurance : Bank owned life insurance is recorded at the amount that can be realized under the insurance contract
at the consolidated balance sheet date, which is the cash surrender value adjusted for other charges or other amounts due that
are probable at settlement. Increases in contract value are recorded as noninterest income
and insurance proceeds received are recorded as a reduction of the contract value. Long-Term
Assets : Premises, equipment and other long-term assets are reviewed for impairment when events indicate their carrying amount
may not be recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows. If impaired, the assets are adjusted to reflect their fair value. F- 12 FIVE STAR BANCORP
AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December