” and our financial statements and the related notes included
elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing. Unless
otherwise stated in this prospectus, references to: ● “Amended
    and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association” are to our memorandum and articles of association to be in effect
    upon completion of this offering; ● “Companies
    Act” are to the Companies Act (2010 Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; ● “Founder
                                            Shares” are to the 2,875,000 ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor in
                                            a private placement purchase prior to this offering; ● “Initial
    Shareholders” are to the holders of our founder shares prior to this offering; ● “Letter
    Agreement” refers to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of
    which this prospectus forms a part; ● “Management”
    or our “Management Team” are to our officers and directors; ● “Ordinary
    Shares” are to our ordinary shares, par value $0.001 per share, which include the public shares as well as the private
    placement shares; ● “Private
    Placement Rights” are to the rights underlying the private placement units; ● “Private
    Placement Shares” are to the ordinary shares underlying the private placement units; ● “Private
    Placement Units” are to the units issued to our sponsor and/or its designees in a private placement simultaneously with
    the closing of this offering; ● “Private
    Placement Warrants” are to the warrants underlying the private placement units; ● “Public
    Rights” are to the rights sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are subscribed for in this offering
    or acquired in the open market); ● “Public
    Shares” are to our ordinary shares offered as part of the units in this offering (whether they are subscribed for in
    this offering or acquired thereafter in the open market); ● “Public
    Shareholders” are to the holders of our public shares; ● “Public
    Warrants” are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in this offering (whether they are subscribed for
    in this offering or acquired in the open market); ● “Rights”
    are to our rights, which include the public rights as well as the private placement rights to the extent they are no longer
    held by the initial purchasers of the private placement units or their permitted transferees; ● “SAFE”
                                            are to the China State Administration for Foreign Exchange; ● “Sponsor”
    are to Whale Management Corporation, a British Virgin Islands exempted company. Each of our officers and directors is a shareholder
    of our sponsor; ● “Warrants”
    are to our redeemable warrants, which include the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent
    they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement units or their permitted transferees; and ● “we,”
“us,” “company,” or “our company” are to Flag Ship Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted
company. All
references in this prospectus to our founder shares being forfeited shall take effect as surrenders for no consideration of such
shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Registered trademarks referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective
owners. 1 Table of Contents General We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and formed for the purpose of acquiring, engaging in a share exchange,
share reconstruction and amalgamation with, purchasing all or substantially all of the assets of, entering into contractual arrangements
with, or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout
this prospectus as our business combination. We have not identified any acquisition target and we have not, nor has anyone on
our behalf, initiated any discussions, directly or indirectly, to identify any acquisition target. Our Sponsor and certain members of our Board of
Directors and management have significant business ties to or are based in, or reside in, the People’s Republic of China and Hong
Kong. We may consider a business combination with an entity or business with a physical presence or other significant ties to the People’s
Republic of China or Hong Kong which may subject the post business combination business to the laws, regulations and policies of the People’s
Republic of China (PRC). Any target for a business combination may conduct operations through subsidiaries in China and variable interest
entities, or VIEs, in China. VIEs are contractual arrangements and the structure involves unique risks to investors. The VIE structure
is used in the PRC to replicate foreign investment in PRC-based companies but it is not actual equity ownership. Because we may not directly
hold equity interests in a VIE, we may be subject to risks and uncertainties of the interpretations and applications of PRC laws and regulations,
including but not limited to, regulatory review of overseas listing of PRC companies through special purpose vehicles and the validity
and enforcement of the contractual arrangements among any PRC subsidiary, any VIE, and the owner of any VIE. Current foreign exchange
and other regulations in the PRC may restrict any PRC subsidiaries and VIE in their ability to transfer their net assets to us or other
subsidiaries and affiliated entities which might be created or acquired. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of
current account items, including profit distributions, interest payments and trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions,
can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval of SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. Specifically, under
the existing exchange restrictions, without prior approval of SAFE, cash generated from the operations of PRC subsidiaries in China may
require approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities when Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency and
remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, if we were
to operate subsidiaries in China, we will need to obtain SAFE approval to use cash generated from the operations of any PRC subsidiaries
to pay off debt in a currency other than Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other capital expenditure payments outside
China in a currency other than Renminbi. The VIE structure may not be as effective as direct
ownership in providing operational control of an entity. We are also subject to the other risks and uncertainties about any future actions
of the PRC government in this regard that could disallow the VIE structure, which would likely result in a material change in operations
of a target business. See “Risk Factors— Risks Related to Acquiring or Operating Businesses in the PRC” commencing at
page 63 . If we were to complete a business combination with
a PRC or Hong Kong entity, we could be subject to certain legal and operational risks associated with having the majority of post business
combination operations in China. PRC laws and regulations governing PRC based business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain,
and as a result these risks may result in material changes in the operations of any post business combination VIEs, significant depreciation
of the value of our Ordinary Shares, or a complete hindrance of our ability to offer, or continue to offer, our securities to investors,
including investors in the United States. Recently, the PRC government adopted a series of regulatory actions and issued statements to
regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market,
adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. These recently
enacted measures, and new measures which may be implemented, could materially and adversely affect the operations of any post business
combination company which we may acquire as our initial business combination. Business
Strategy Our
efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will not be limited to a particular geographic region, although we intend
to focus on businesses that have a connection to the Asian market. We believe that we will add value to these businesses primarily
by providing them with access to the U.S. capital markets. We
will seek to capitalize on the strength of our management team. Our team consists of experienced professionals and senior operating
executives. Collectively, our officers and directors have decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions, and operating companies,
in Asia. We believe we will benefit from their accomplishments, and specifically their current and recent activities with companies
that have a connection to the Asian market, in identifying attractive acquisition opportunities. However, there is no assurance
that we will complete a business combination. We believe that the members of our management
team and board of directors have valuable and applicable experience for sourcing and analyzing potential acquisition candidates
across various industries and on an international basis based upon their professional experience. Our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Chen, who serves as CEO and subsequently CFO of Longevity Acquisition Corporation, has reached out to dozens of target companies
in different industries and has negotiated the terms of a pending merger transaction for the Longevity Acquisition Corporation,
a SPAC entity. Mr. Chen also led XiaoMingTaiJi Anime Limited Co. to make successful acquisitions in the past. Our Chief Financial
Officer, Mr. Luhuan (Lou) Zhong, served as consultant fo