An investment in our stock involves a high degree of risk.
    You should carefully consider the following information,
    together with the other information in this prospectus, before
    buying shares of our stock. If any of the following risks or
    uncertainties occur, our business, financial condition and
    results of operations could be materially and adversely
    affected, the trading price of our stock could decline and you
    may lose all or a part of the money you paid to buy our
    stock. Risks
    Relating to Our Business Our
    limited operating history may not serve as an adequate basis to
    judge our future prospects and results of
    operations. We have a limited operating history. Although we began
    developing our predecessor technology in 1987, we did not
    complete the qualification of our pilot production line until
    January 2002 and the first production line at our Ohio plant
    until November 2004. From our launch of commercial operations in
    January 2002 through the end of 2006, we have sold approximately
    84MW of solar modules. Relative to the entire solar energy
    industry, which had a worldwide installed capacity of almost 7GW
    at the end of 2006, we have sold only a small percentage of the
    worldwide installed solar modules. As such, our historical
    operating results may not provide a meaningful basis for
    evaluating our business, financial performance and prospects.
    While our net sales grew from $13.5 million in 2004 to
    $135.0 million in 2006, we may be unable to achieve similar
    growth, or grow at all, in future periods. Accordingly, you
    should not rely on our results of operations for any prior
    period as an indication of our future performance. We
    have incurred net losses until recently and may be unable to
    generate sufficient net sales in the future to sustain
    profitability. We incurred net losses of $16.8 million in 2004 and
    $6.5 million in 2005. Although we had net income of
    $4.0 million in 2006 and $5.0 million in the first
    three months of 2007, we had an accumulated deficit of
    $140.4 million at March 31, 2007 and may incur losses
    in the future. In addition, we expect our operating expenses to
    increase as we expand our operations. Our ability to sustain
    profitability depends on a number of factors, including the
    growth rate of the solar energy industry, the continued market
    acceptance of solar modules, the competitiveness of our solar
    modules and services and our ability to increase production
    volumes. If we are unable to generate sufficient net sales to
    sustain profitability and positive cash flows, we could be
    unable to satisfy our commitments and may have to discontinue
    operations. Thin
    film technology has a short history and our thin film technology
    and solar modules may perform below expectations. Researchers began developing thin film semiconductor technology
    over 20 years ago, but were unable to integrate the
    technology into a production line until recently. Our oldest
    active production line has only been in operation since November
    2004 and the oldest solar modules manufactured during the
    qualification of our pilot line have only been in use since
    2001. As a result, our thin film technology and solar modules do
    not have a sufficient operating history to confirm how our solar
    modules will perform over their estimated 25-year useful life. If our thin film technology and solar modules
    perform below expectations, we could lose customers and face
    substantial warranty expense. Our
    failure to further refine our technology and develop and
    introduce improved photovoltaic products could render our solar
    modules uncompetitive or obsolete and reduce our net sales and
    market share. We will need to invest significant financial resources in
    research and development to keep pace with technological
    advances in the solar energy industry. However, research and
    development activities are inherently uncertain and we could
    encounter practical difficulties in commercializing our research
    results. Our significant expenditures on research and
    development may not produce corresponding benefits. Other
    companies are developing a variety of competing photovoltaic
    technologies, including copper indium gallium diselenide and
    amorphous silicon, that could produce solar modules that prove
    more cost-effective or have better performance than our solar
    modules. As a result, our solar modules may be rendered obsolete
    by the technological advances of others, which could reduce our
    net sales and market share. 7 Table of Contents If
    photovoltaic technology is not suitable for widespread adoption,
    or if sufficient demand for solar modules does not develop or
    takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our net sales may
    flatten or decline and we may be unable to sustain
    profitability. The solar energy market is at a relatively early stage of
    development and the extent to which solar modules will be widely
    adopted is uncertain. If photovoltaic technology proves
    unsuitable for widespread adoption or if demand for solar
    modules fails to develop sufficiently, we may be unable to grow
    our business or generate sufficient net sales to sustain
    profitability. In addition, demand for solar modules in our
    targeted markets, including Germany, may not develop or may
    develop to a lesser extent than we anticipate. Many factors may
    affect the viability of widespread adoption of photovoltaic
    technology and demand for solar modules, including the following: • cost-effectiveness of solar modules compared to conventional and
    other non-solar renewable energy sources and products; • performance and reliability of solar modules and thin film
    technology compared to conventional and other non-solar
    renewable energy sources and products; • availability and substance of government subsidies and
    incentives to support the development of the solar energy
    industry; • success of other renewable energy generation technologies, such
    as hydroelectric, wind, geothermal, solar thermal, concentrated
    photovoltaic and biomass; • fluctuations in economic and market conditions that affect the
    viability of conventional and non-solar renewable energy
    sources, such as increases or decreases in the price of oil and
    other fossil fuels; • fluctuations in capital expenditures by end-users of solar
    modules, which tend to decrease when the economy slows and
    interest rates increase; and • deregulation of the electric power industry and the broader
    energy industry. Even if demand for solar modules continues to grow, the rapid
    expansion plans of many solar cell and module manufacturers
    could create periods where supply exceeds demand. During any
    such period, our competitors could decide to reduce their sales
    price, even below their manufacturing cost, in order to generate
    sales. As a result, we may be unable to sell our solar modules
    at attractive prices, or for a profit, during any period of
    excess supply of solar modules, which would reduce our net sales
    and harm our results of operations. Our
    future success depends on our ability to build new manufacturing
    plants and add production lines in a cost-effective manner, both
    of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our future success depends on our ability to significantly
    increase both our manufacturing capacity and production
    throughput in a cost-effective and efficient manner. If we
    cannot do so, we may be unable to expand our business, decrease
    our cost per Watt, maintain our competitive position, satisfy
    our contractual obligations or sustain profitability. Our
    ability to expand production capacity is subject to significant
    risks and uncertainties, including the following: • the need to raise significant additional funds to build
    additional manufacturing facilities, which we may be unable to
    obtain on reasonable terms or at all; • delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors,
    many of which may be beyond our control, such as our inability
    to secure successful contracts with equipment vendors; • our custom-built equipment may take longer and cost more to
    engineer than expected and may never operate as designed; • delays or denial of required approvals by relevant government
    authorities; • diversion of significant management attention and other
    resources; and • failure to execute our expansion plans effectively. 8 Table of Contents If our
    future production lines are not built in line with our committed
    schedules or do not achieve operating metrics similar to our
    existing production lines, our solar modules could perform below
    expectations and cause us to lose customers. Currently, the three production lines at our Ohio plant are our
    only production lines that have a history of operating at full
    capacity. Although the four production lines at our German plant
    are producing some modules during the qualification phase, we do
    not expect them to operate at full capacity until the fourth
    quarter of 2007. These four production lines and future
    production lines could produce solar modules that have lower
    efficiencies, higher failure rates and higher rates of
    degradation than solar modules from our existing production
    lines, and we could be unable to determine the cause of the
    lower operating metrics or develop and implement solutions to
    improve performance. The second and third production lines at
    our Ohio plant, completed in August 2006, represent a
    “standard building block” that we replicated twice to
    build the four production lines at our German plant. We plan to
    use the s