You should carefully read all information in the prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes, under the Financial Statements prior to making an investment decision. Organization Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. is a Nevada corporation formed on May 10, 2010, with registered address at 1955 Baring Blvd, Sparks, Nevada 89434.  Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. transacts its business in the U.S. located in the State of Illinois and has principal office at 2112A Stonington Avenue, Hoffman Estates, IL 60169, and contact telephone number 630-254-8655. Business We will sell the lithium-ion batteries and related power supplies that mainly are used in mobile and consumer electronics products, such as readers, DVD players, digital cameras and digital video recorders, communications products, electric-power bikes and mopeds, miner's lamps, electric-power tools, electric-power sources for instruments and meters and other similar electrical equipment that can run on batteries. Our major supplier is ZHEJIANG UNITED POWER ENERGY CO., LTD, a non-affiliated third party manufacturer (“Supplier”). It was established in 2008 specializing in developing, producing, and selling the high-power lithium-ion battery cells as well as the battery packages, and is located at No.489 Jianduan Road, Qingshan Industrial Park, Tonglu, and Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China. On June 1, 2011, Golden Oasis New Energy Group, Inc. signed a one year distribution agreement with ZHEJIANG UNITED POWER ENERGY CO., LTD. The Agreement may be renewed for additional periods of one (1) year each, commencing on June 1 of each year, unless one of the parties shall have given the other written notice of its intention not to renewal of this Agreement no later than January 1 of that year. The prices to be paid by for Products purchased pursuant to the Distribution Agreement shall be no more than 10% over Supplier’s cost of producing the Products. Supplier will not require us to purchase a quantity of products in excess of that which we can reasonably afford or reasonably expect to sell in within two to three months of our purchase of the Products. Distributor is not prohibited from distributing products produced and supplied by entities other than the Supplier. As of the date of this registration statement, we have generated no revenues. However, we have taken the following significant operational steps to implement our business plan: (1) Signed distribution agreement with our supplier to secure our products supplies; (2) Starting to build online advertisement and e-commerce web site in next 3 months; (3) Setting up online business accounts with major e-commerce providers such as eBay, Amazon, and Paypal; and (4) Made plans to attend major electronics trade show in USA. The Offering As of the date of this prospectus, we had 5,711,500 shares of common stock outstanding. 4 Selling shareholders are offering up to 611,500 shares of common stock. The selling shareholders will offer their shares at $0.10 per share until our shares are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board and thereafter at prevailing market prices or privately negotiated prices. We will pay all expenses of registering the securities, estimated at approximately $60,000. We will not receive any proceeds of the sale of these securities. To be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. The current absence of a public market for our common stock may make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock that you own. 5 Financial Summary Because this is only a financial summary, it does not contain all the financial information that may be important to you. Therefore, you should carefully read all the information in this prospectus, including the financial statements and their explanatory notes before making an investment decision. STATEMENT OF LOSS Cumulative from Three Month Nine Month May 10, 2010 (Date Year Ended Ended Ended of Inception) June 30 March 31, March 31, Through 2010 2011 2011 March 31, 2011 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Revenues: - - - - COGS: - - - - Gross Profit - - - - Operating expenses: $ 2,197 24,394 28,992 31,189 Net Loss $ (2,197 ) $ (24,394 ) $ (28,992 ) $ (31,189 ) BALANCE SHEETS March 31, June 30, 2011 2010 (Unaudited) ASSETS $ 9,996 $ 32,155 LIABILITIES $ - $ 9,350 STOCKHOLDERS’ Equity $ 9,996 $ 22,805 TOTAL LIABILITIES & EQUITY $ 9,996 $ 32,155 6 RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information provided in this prospectus, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating our business before purchasing any of our common stock. All material risks are discussed in this section. Risks Related to our Business Our generating no revenues from operations makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. Although we have taken significant steps to develop our business plan since our inception, as of July 8, 2011, we have no revenues generated.  As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data.  Because of the related uncertainties, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in sales, revenues or expenses.  If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable data, we may never become profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our lack of revenues and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. Our lack of revenues raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. Any decrease in the availability, or increase in the cost, of lithium-ion batteries we purchase for resale could materially affect our earnings. Our operations depend heavily on the availability of lithium-ion batteries we resell. We purchase all of the lithium-ion batteries we resell from Zhejiang United Power Energy Co., Ltd. However, if Zhejiang United Power Energy Co., Ltd is unable or unwilling to provide us with lithium-ion batteries on terms favorable to us, we may be unable to resell certain products. This could result in a decrease in profit and damage to our reputation in our industry. In the event our costs of acquiring these batteries increase, we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers in full or at all. Any increase in the prices for these products could materially increase our costs and therefore lower our earnings. 7 We depend heavily on a third-party supplier Zhejiang United Power Energy Co., Ltd for the products we sell, and our revenue and gross margin could suffer if we fail to manage suppliers properly. Our operations depend on our ability to anticipate our needs for products and our suppliers' ability to deliver sufficient quantities of quality products at reasonable prices in time for us to meet delivery schedules. Supplier problems that we could face include component shortages, excess supply, risks related to the terms of our contracts with suppliers, and risks related to our relationships with Zhejiang United Power Energy Co, our single source suppliers.  Our agreement with Zhejiang United Power Energy Co contains various termination provisions, including the right of the supplier to terminate the agreement “at any time on written notice within sixty (60) days before the end of the initial term or any renewal term set forth in the agreement” Our use of a single source supplier for could exacerbate our supplier issues. We obtain all our products from single sources due to technology, availability, price, quality or other considerations. If the agreement is terminated or we are otherwise unable to obtain required supplies from Zhejiang United Power Energy Co, replacing our single source supplier could delay sales of our products as replacement suppliers initially may be subject to capacity constraints or other output limitations. Alternative sources may not exist or those alternative sources may be unable to produce the quantities of those components necessary to satisfy our production requirements. In addition, terms but that may be unilaterally modified or terminated by the supplier with limited notice and with little or no penalty. The performance of such single source supplier under this agreement (and the renewal or extension of this agreement upon similar terms) may affect the quality, quantity and price of supplies to us. The loss of our single source supplier, the deterioration of our relationship with a single source supplier, or any unilateral modification to the contractual terms under which we are supplied components by our single source supplier could adversely affect our revenue and gross margins. Our revenue will decrease if there is less demand for lithium-ion batteries. We are subject to the general changes in economic conditions affecting the purchase of lithium batteries. Demand for our products is typically affected by a number of economic factors, including, but not limited to, consumer demand for the type of batteries we sell and competition with carbon zinc batteries. If there is a decline in demand for our lithium-ion batteries, our revenue will likewise decrease. Our sales and reputation may be affected by product liability claims, litigation or, product recalls in relation to our products. The sale of products for human consumption involves an inherent risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability claims, li