Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See “ Risk Factors ” for a discussion of risks you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. * The number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of the date of this prospectus is based on 96,751,102 shares of our
                    common stock outstanding as of February 4, 2022 and excludes: • 12,980,886 shares of common stock reserved for future grant or issuance under our 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”)
                    and 1,702,891.31 shares of common stock reserved for future grant or issuance under our 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”), which shares will automatically increase each year, as more fully described in “ Executive and Director Compensation ;” • 5,568,770 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options outstanding as of February 4, 2022, having a
                    weighted-average exercise price of $3.26 per share (with 2,660,864 of such options being vested as of February 4, 2022); and • 11,115,517 shares of common stock issuable upon settlement of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) outstanding as of February 4,
                    2022, having an estimated grant date fair value of $3.82 per share (with 6,107,784 of such RSUs being vested as of February 4, 2022). 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high
          degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as all of the other information contained in this prospectus, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
          our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus, before deciding to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
          strategies, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In such case, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Our limited operating history and the rapidly
          changing solar industry make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and we may not achieve profitability in the future. We have only been in existence since January 3, 2017 and the first
          installation of Voyager was in the third quarter of 2019. Our solar tracker systems and other solar energy products and services are used primarily in utility-scale ground-mounted solar energy projects. As a result, our future success depends on
          continued demand for utility-scale solar energy products and services and the ability of solar equipment manufacturers and suppliers to meet this demand. The solar industry is an evolving industry that has experienced substantial changes in
          recent years, and consumers and businesses ultimately may not adopt solar energy as an alternative energy source at levels sufficient to grow our business. Some of the factors that may impact the demand for solar energy include: • the cost competitiveness, reliability and performance of solar energy systems compared to conventional and non-solar renewable
                  energy sources and products, including the pricing of component parts (e.g., panels) used in solar energy systems; • the availability, scale and scope of federal, state, local and foreign government subsidies and incentives to support the
                  development and deployment of solar energy products; • prices of traditional carbon-based energy sources and government subsidies for these sources; • the extent to which the electric power industry and broader energy industries are deregulated to permit broader adoption of
                  solar electricity generation; • investment by end-users of solar energy products, which tends to decrease when economic growth slows; and • the emergence, continuance or success of, or increased government support for, other alternative energy generation technologies
                  and products. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and
          difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, including unpredictable and volatile revenue. If demand for solar energy fails to develop sufficiently or is not sustained, demand for our products and
          services will suffer, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to increase our revenue and grow our business. We have a history of losses that may continue in
          the future, and we may not achieve profitability. We had net loss of $82.7 million and $15.9 million for the nine
          months ended September 30, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020, respectively. We have incurred substantial net losses from our inception through the nine months ended September 30, 2021, and we may not be able to achieve profitability and
          may incur additional losses in the future. At September 30, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $125.4 million. Our revenue growth may slow or revenue may decline for a number of reasons, including a decline in demand for our offerings,
          increased competition, a lack of success in converting sales leads into binding purchase orders, loss of existing customers, our inability to sell software and other complementary products, a decrease in the growth of the solar industry or our
          market share, future decline in average selling prices of our products and services, our inability to enter international markets or our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. We may not achieve profitability for a number of reasons,
          including any declines in revenue, as discussed above, as well as increases in costs to manufacture our products, the impact of U.S. trade tariffs and the imposition of additional tariffs applicable to our industry or our products. In addition,
          we expect to incur additional costs and expenses related to the continued development and expansion of our business, including in connection with any future acquisitions, as well as ongoing development and marketing of our 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS products and services, expanding into new markets and geographies with respect to
          both manufacturing and sales of our products, maintaining and enhancing our research and development operations, hiring additional personnel, incurring additional overhead costs and incurring greater costs from professional third party advisors
          as necessary in connection with the expansion of our business and public company operations. We do not know whether our revenue will grow rapidly enough to absorb such costs and expenses, or the extent of such costs and expenses and their impact
          on our results of operations. If we fail to generate sufficient revenue to support our operations, we may not be able to achieve profitability. The market for our products and services is
          highly competitive and rapidly evolving and we expect to face increased competition. The market for solar energy products and services is highly
          competitive with relatively low barriers to entry. We principally compete with other solar tracker equipment suppliers, as well as fixed-tilt suppliers. A number of companies have developed or are developing solar tracker systems and other
          products and services that will compete directly with our products and services in the utility-scale solar energy market. Public competitors in the solar tracker market include, among others, Array Technologies, Inc. and NEXTracker Inc., a
          subsidiary of Flex Ltd., and there are numerous private company competitors, both domestically and internationally. We expect competition to intensify as new competitors enter the market and existing competitors attempt to increase their market
          shares. Any failure by us to develop or adopt new or enhanced technologies or processes, or to adapt or react to changes in existing technologies, could result in product obsolescence, the loss of competitiveness of our products, including
          offering lower cost savings or return on investment relative to competing products, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. Several of our existing and potential competitors are significantly
          larger than we are and may have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, distribution and customer support resources, as well as broader brand recognition and greater market penetration, especially in certain markets. In addition, our
          competitors’ existing or future products may result in higher energy production and lower cost of energy for the solar energy projects to which they are deployed, either broadly or in certain conditions. Certain of our competitors offer a more
          comprehensive set of products, including fixed-tilt systems and one-panel in-portrait tracker systems, which may be attractive to certain customers because they often involve lower up-front costs, whereas we do not. In addition, some of our
          competitors have more resources and experience in developing or acquiring new products and technologies and creating market awareness for these offerings, as well as more established customer relationships due to their longer operating histories.
          Since we are a fairly new participant in the solar tracker market, both in the United States and globally, it is essential that we acquire market share from our competitors and our failure to do so could impact our ability to continue to grow our
          business. Further, technological advances in the tracker industry are
          developing rapidly and certain competitors may be able to develop or deploy new products and services more quickly than we can, or that a