You should read the “Risk Factors” section included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. Nasdaq Global Market symbol “FULC” 3 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF PRIVATE PLACEMENT WITH THE SELLING STOCKHOLDERS On June 9, 2020, we entered into a securities purchase agreement for a private placement with the selling stockholders whereby, on June 9, 2020, we
issued and sold 4,029,411 shares of our common stock at a price of $17.00 per share for gross proceeds of approximately $68.5 million. For a detailed description of the transactions contemplated by the securities purchase agreement with the
selling stockholders and the securities issued pursuant thereto, see the section captioned “Selling Stockholders” in this prospectus. We filed the registration statement on Form S-1, of which this
prospectus forms a part, to fulfill our contractual obligations under the registration rights agreement entered into concurrently with the securities purchase agreement with the selling stockholders to provide for the resale by the selling
stockholders of the shares of common stock offered hereby. 4 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you decide to invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks
described in the section captioned “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and
other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, from time to time, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety, together with the other information in this prospectus and documents incorporated by
reference in this prospectus. The risks described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the other
filings incorporated by reference herein are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties may also impair our business operations. If any of the risks described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the other filings incorporated by reference herein occurs, our business, financial condition, results of
operations and future growth prospects could be harmed. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition to the risk factors incorporated by reference herein, the following risk factor is included: We may not be successful in our efforts to develop losmapimod for the treatment of patients with COVID-19. On June 10, 2020, we announced plans to evaluate losmapimod as a potential treatment for patients with COVID-19. Following pre-IND consultation via the Coronavirus Treatment Acceleration Program (CTAP), we have submitted an investigational new drug application, or IND,
with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, to support initiation of a randomized, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trial in hospitalized patients in the United States. The initiation of our clinical trial of losmapimod for the treatment of patients with COVID-19 is pending review of
our recently filed IND by the FDA. We also need to reach agreement with prospective clinical trial sites and may be delayed in doing so or fail to do so. The timing and success of our clinical trial of losmapimod for the treatment of patients with COVID-19 will depend on our ability to enroll patients in the trial. Many other companies are pursuing the development of product candidates for the treatment of COVID-19, and
patient enrollment may be affected by availability of commercially available treatments and other clinical trials of competing product candidates. Patient enrollment may also be affected by other factors, including the incidence of COVID-19 over time and the perceived risks and benefits of the use of losmapimod as a treatment relative to competing treatments. Our inability to enroll a sufficient number of patients could result in significant
delays or could require us to abandon the trial and development of losmapimod for the treatment of COVID-19 altogether. The COVID-19 pandemic may be effectively contained before we can successfully develop losmapimod as a treatment for COVID-19 and recoup our financial investment in the trial through sales of losmapimod. For example, a vaccine may be developed and available in sufficient quantities to contain the spread of the SARS-CoV-2 virus before we are able to complete our planned Phase 3 clinical trial. Our commitment of financial resources and personnel to the development of losmapimod for
the treatment of COVID-19 may cause delays in or otherwise negatively impact our other development programs and research and discovery efforts with our product engine. Additionally, while losmapimod has been previously tested in more than 3,600 subjects, including in clinical trials evaluating the ability of an oral dose of
15 mg twice per day of losmapimod to restore a normal immune response in older patients challenged with a viral antigen, it has not been evaluated as a treatment in the acute infection setting. It is possible that unexpected safety issues, including
issues that have not been observed in prior clinical trials of losmapimod, could occur in patients with COVID-19. Any such safety issues could affect our development program for losmapimod for the treatment of
FSHD and our ability to obtain marketing approval for losmapimod, including our ability to apply for accelerated approval. 5 Table of Contents Given the rapidity of the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, scientific
and medical research on the SARS-CoV-2 virus is ongoing and evolving. We cannot be certain that the preclinical and clinical evidence that we believe suggests that
losmapimod may be beneficial to patients with COVID-19 will be established in a clinical trial. Similarly, we cannot be certain that the planned Phase 3 clinical trial will be sufficient to enable us to obtain
marketing approval of losmapimod for the treatment of COVID-19, and we may need to conduct additional clinical trials before we are able to apply for marketing approval. Furthermore, the failure of losmapimod
to demonstrate safety and efficacy in patients with COVID-19 could negatively impact the perception of us and losmapimod by investors. In the future, we may seek to make losmapimod available for the treatment of COVID-19 through an Emergency Use
Authorization Program, or the FDA or other government body may request that losmapimod is made available through an Emergency Use Authorization. The FDA has the authority to grant an Emergency Use Authorization to allow unapproved medical products
to be used in an emergency to diagnose, treat or prevent serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions when there are no adequate, approved and available alternatives. If we are granted an Emergency Use Authorization for losmapimod for the
treatment of COVID-19, we would be able to commercialize losmapimod for the treatment of COVID-19 prior to FDA approval of a new drug application, or NDA. However, the
FDA may revoke an Emergency Use Authorization where it is determined that the underlying health emergency no longer exists or warrants such authorization, and we cannot predict how long, if ever, an Emergency Use Authorization would remain in place.
Such revocation could adversely impact our business in a variety of ways, including if losmapimod for the treatment of COVID-19 is not yet approved by the FDA via an NDA and if we and our manufacturing
partners have invested in the supply chain to provide losmapimod for the treatment of COVID-19 under an Emergency Use Authorization. 6 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING