were to occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In any such case, you could lose all or a portion of your original
investment. Risks Related to Our Business Our business and operations may be materially adversely affected by weak economic conditions. Our business and operations, which primarily consist of banking activities, including lending money to customers and borrowing money from
customers in the form of deposits, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the U.S. generally, and in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area in particular. The economic conditions
in our local markets may be different from the economic conditions in the U.S. as a whole. If economic conditions in the U.S. or any of our markets weaken, our growth and profitability from our
operations could be constrained. In addition, foreign economic and political conditions could affect the stability of global financial markets, which could hinder economic growth. The current economic
environment is characterized by interest rates gradually increasing from near historically low levels, which could impact our ability to attract deposits and to generate attractive earnings through
our loan and investment portfolios. All these factors can individually or in the aggregate be detrimental to our business, and the interplay between these factors can be complex and unpredictable.
Unfavorable market conditions can result in a deterioration in the credit quality of our borrowers and the demand for our products and services, an increase in the number of loan delinquencies,
defaults and charge-offs, additional provisions for loan losses, a decline in the value of our collateral, and an overall material adverse effect on the quality of our loan portfolio. Our
business is also significantly affected by monetary and related policies of the U.S. federal government and its agencies. Uncertainty about the federal fiscal policymaking process,
the medium and long-term fiscal outlook of the federal government, and future tax rates are concerns for businesses, consumers and investors in the U.S. Changes in any of these policies are influenced
by macroeconomic conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. Adverse economic conditions and government policy responses to such conditions could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial conditions and results of operations. We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect our profitability. Our profitability, like that of most financial institutions, depends to a large extent on our net interest income, which is the difference
between our interest income on interest-earning
assets, such as loans and investment securities, and our interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Interest
rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and,
in particular, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest we
receive on loans and 36 Table of Contents securities
and the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities,
and the average duration of our assets. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, our net
interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the
interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Our
interest sensitivity profile was modestly asset sensitive as of June 30, 2018. As a result, we would expect small increases in net interest income if interest rates rise, and
small declines in the event rates fall. However, such expectations are based on our assumptions as to deposit customer behavior in an increasing rate scenario. When short-term interest rates rise, the
rate of interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities may rise more quickly than the rate of interest that we receive on our interest-earning assets, which may cause our net interest income to
decrease. Additionally, a shrinking yield premium between short-term and long-term market interest rates, a pattern usually indicative of investors' waning expectations of future growth and inflation,
commonly referred to as a flattening of the yield curve, typically reduces our profit margin as we borrow at shorter terms than the terms at which we lend and invest. In
addition, an increase in interest rates could also have a negative impact on our results of operations by reducing the ability of borrowers to repay their current loan obligations.
These circumstances could not only result in increased loan defaults, foreclosures and charge-offs, but also reduce collateral values and necessitate further increases to the allowance for loan
losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to credit risk, which could adversely affect our profitability. Our business depends on our ability to successfully measure and manage credit risk. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that the principal
of, or interest on, a loan will not be paid timely or at all or that the value of any collateral supporting a loan will be insufficient to cover our outstanding exposure. In addition, we are exposed
to risks with respect to the period of time over which the loan may be repaid, risks relating to loan underwriting, risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, and risks inherent
in dealing with individual loans and borrowers. The creditworthiness of a borrower is affected by many factors including local market conditions and general economic conditions. If the overall
economic climate in the U.S. generally, or in our market areas specifically, experiences material disruption, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans, the collateral we hold
may decrease in value or become illiquid, and our level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require significant additional provisions for loan losses. Our
risk management practices, such as monitoring the concentrations of our loans and our credit approval, review and administrative practices, may not adequately reduce credit risk, and
our credit administration personnel, policies and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting related customers and the quality of the loan portfolio.
Many of our loans are made to small businesses that are less able to withstand competitive, economic and financial pressures than larger borrowers. Consequently, we may have significant exposure if
any of these borrowers becomes unable to pay their loan obligations as a result of economic or market conditions, or personal circumstances, such as divorce, unemployment or death. A failure to
effectively measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio may result in loan defaults, foreclosures and additional charge-offs, and may necessitate that we significantly
increase our allowance for loan losses, each of which could adversely affect our net income. As a result, our inability to successfully manage 37 Table of Contents credit
risk could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Losses related to any single loan could have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of
operations. While our average funded loan size is relatively small compared to our legal lending limit, averaging $1.2 million for commercial real
estate loans and $247 thousand for commercial
and industrial loans, at June 30, 2018, our legal lending limit has increased, and we have originated larger loans in recent years. As a result of our commercial real estate lending, the loan
portfolio contains approximately 24 loans which have balances in excess of 5% of our shareholder's equity, and our largest single exposure is $12.8 million, while our largest exposure to one
borrower is $18.6 million. Additionally, commercial and industrial loans not primarily secured by real estate are typically made based on the ability of the borrower to make payment on the loan
from the cash flow of the business, and are collateralized primarily by business assets such as equipment, inventory and accounts receivable. These assets are often subject to depreciation over time,
may be more difficult than real estate collateral to evaluate, and may be more difficult to realize the value of upon foreclosure. As a result, the availability of funds for repayment of such loans is
often contingent on the success of the business itself. Although we seek to structure and monitor our loans and the financial condition of our borrowers in an effort to avoid or minimize losses,
unexpected reversals in the business of an individual borrower can occur, and the resulting decline in the quality of loans to such borrowers, and related provisions for credit losses, could have a
material adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition and shareholder returns. A substantial portion of our loans are and will continue to be real estate related loans in the Washington,
D.C. metropolitan area. Adverse changes in the real estate market or economy in this 