—Wage increases in the countries in which we have operations may prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and
may reduce our profit margin." Effective training allows us to expand the pool of potential applicants and to upgrade our employees' skill levels so that employees may take on higher value-added tasks
over time. By emphasizing training and promotion, we seek to create opportunities for employees to increase their salaries without increasing wage scales. In planning our expansion of capacity, we
look for locations that help us ensure global delivery capability while helping us control average salary levels. In India and elsewhere where we may open multiple locations, we try to expand into
cities where competition for personnel and wage levels may be lower than in more developed cities. In addition, under some of our contracts we have the ability to share with our clients a portion of
any increase in costs due to inflation. Nevertheless, despite these steps, we expect general increases in wage levels in the future which could adversely affect our margins. A significant increase in
attrition rates would also increase our recruiting and training costs and decrease our operating efficiency, productivity and profit margins. Increased attrition rates or increased pricing may also
cause some clients to be less willing to use our services. See "Risk Factors—Wage increases in the countries in which we have operations may prevent us from sustaining our competitive
advantage and may reduce our profit margin." Personnel
expenses includes compensation, benefits and share options, and are allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses based on the
classification of the employee. Personnel expenses for employees who are directly responsible for performance of services, their supervisors and certain support personnel who may be dedicated to a
particular client are included in cost of revenue. Personnel expenses for senior management employees who are not dedicated to a particular client, business development personnel and other personnel
involved in support functions are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Our
operational expenses include facilities maintenance expenses, travel and living costs, communications expenses and other costs. Travel and living costs, which represent the costs of
travel, accommodation and meals of employees while traveling for business, are allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses based on the allocation of the
personnel expenses of the employee incurring such costs. Facilities maintenance, certain communication costs and certain other operational costs are allocated between cost of revenue and selling,
general and administrative expenses in the same proportions as the allocation of our employees by headcount. Our depreciation and amortization expense is similarly allocated by headcount. Cost of revenue. The principal component of cost of revenue is personnel expenses. We include in cost of revenue all
personnel expenses for employees who are directly responsible for the performance of services, their supervisors and certain support personnel who may be dedicated to a particular client. The
operational expenses included in cost of revenue include a portion of our facilities maintenance expenses, travel and living expenses, communication expenses and certain other
expenses. As noted above, facilities maintenance expenses, certain communication expenses and certain other expenses are allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative
expenses based on headcount. Travel and living expenses are included in cost of revenue if the personnel expenses for the employee incurring such expense is included in cost of revenue. The
operational expenses component of cost of revenue also includes consulting charges, which represent the cost of third-party software and other consultants that we may retain for particular services.
Cost of revenue also includes a portion of our depreciation and amortization expense, which is allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses based on headcount. The
ratio of cost of revenue to revenues for any particular SOW or for all SOWs under an MSA is typically higher in the early periods of the contract or client relationship than in later
periods. This is because the number of supervisory and support personnel relative to the number of employees who are performing services declines. It is also because we may retain a portion of the
benefit of productivity increases realized over time. 40 Selling, general and administrative expenses. Our selling, general and administrative, or SG&A, expenses are primarily
comprised of personnel expenses for senior management, business development personnel and other support personnel who are not dedicated to particular clients. The operational costs component of SG&A
expenses includes travel and living costs for such personnel, as well as a portion of our total facilities maintenance expenses, certain communication expenses and certain other expenses. Such portion
of such costs is equal to the percentage of our total employees, by headcount, whose compensation cost is classified as SG&A expenses. The operational costs component of SG&A expenses also includes
professional fees, which represent the costs of third party legal, tax, accounting and other advisors. SG&A expenses also include a portion of our depreciation and amortization expense, which is
allocated between cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative expenses based on headcount. The
percentage of net revenue represented by our SG&A expenses increased significantly in 2005 and 2006 in connection with the separation of our company from GE and the expansion and
diversification of our client base. As discussed above, since January 1, 2005, we have incurred significant expenses to expand the various administrative and support functions we needed to
operate as an independent company. Since our separation from GE, we also significantly enhanced our business development capabilities. In many areas, we scaled up our operations in advance of securing
new business, so that
we would have the infrastructure and support capable of managing the new business. As a public company, we will also incur expenses in relation to compliance with the provisions of the United States
securities laws, including in particular the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as stock exchange requirements, which will be included as SG&A expenses. Foreign exchange (gains) losses, net. Foreign exchange (gains) losses, net, consists of gain or loss on derivative contracts
that hedge our foreign currency exposure and foreign currency transaction gains or losses. See note 2(j) of the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See "—Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Foreign Currency Risk." Approximately
85% of our revenues were paid in U.S. dollars in fiscal 2006. We also received payments in euros, U.K. pounds sterling and Japanese yen. Our costs are primarily in Indian
rupees, as well as in U.S. dollars, Chinese renminbi and the currencies of the other countries in which we have operations. While many of our contracts provide for limited sharing of the risk of
inflation and fluctuations in currency exchange rates, we bear a substantial part of this risk, and therefore our operating results could be negatively affected by adverse changes in wage inflation
rates and foreign currency exchange rates. See discussion of wage inflation under "—Expenses" above. We enter into forward currency contracts to hedge most of our Indian
rupee-U.S. dollar and our Chinese renminbi-Japanese yen currency exposure, which are generally designed to qualify for hedge accounting. However, our ability to hedge such risks is limited
by local law, the liquidity of the market for such hedges and other practical considerations. Thus, our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are not able to enter into the desired
hedging arrangements or if our hedging strategies are not successful. Our foreign exchange (gains) losses, net, includes realized gain or loss on derivative contracts that qualify for hedge accounting
and mark to market gain or loss on other derivatives. The effective portion of the mark to market gains and losses on qualifying hedges is deferred and recorded as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income until the transactions occur and is then recognized in the consolidated statements of income. Typically, with respect to the hedged portion of our Indian rupee-U.S.
dollar exposure, and to a lesser extent with other currency exposures, the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations in a given period on our cost of revenue and selling, general and administrative
expenses may be offset to the extent we are hedged by the effect on our foreign exchange (gains) losses, net. For example, an appreciation of the Indian rupee relative to the U.S. dollar may cause our
costs relative to our net revenues to increase, but we may realize a foreign exchange gain when our hedges with respect to such cash flows are terminated. Other income (expense). Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest expense on indebtedness. It also includes
realized and unrealized gain or loss on interest rate swaps. We have entered into interest rate swaps with respect to the floating rate interest exposure on our long-term debt. Other income (expense)
also includes interest income on intercorporate deposits. 41 Income taxes. We are incorporated in Bermuda and have operations in many countries. Our effective tax
rate has varied and
will, in the future, vary from year to year based on the tax rate in our jurisdiction of organization, the geographical source of our revenues and the tax rates in those countries, the tax relief and
ince