”, our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and the other information incorporated
by reference into this prospectus before making an investment decision. This prospectus and the information incorporated
by reference herein contain references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or other companies. Solely for convenience,
trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein, including
logos, artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or ® symbols, but such references
are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the rights
of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’
trade names, service marks or trademarks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. Other
trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein are the property
of their respective owners. Corporate Overview We are a clinical stage biotechnology
company developing novel small molecule therapeutics to treat diseases across several therapeutics areas, including, lysosomal storage
disorders, or LSDs, central nervous system disorders, or CNS, metabolic disorders, and oncology. We use our exclusively in-licensed computational
target and drug discovery platform, Site-Directed Enzyme Enhancement Therapy, or SEE-Tx, to discover novel allosteric binding sites on
proteins implicated in a disease and to identify proprietary small molecules that bind these sites to modulate protein function and treat
the underlying cause of the disease. We believe that SEE-Tx is uniquely suited to identify allosteric binding sites on the protein surface,
which are different from the active (or orthosteric) binding site where the natural ligand of the protein binds. Targeting an allosteric
binding site instead of the active binding site of a protein provides numerous advantages, including: the ability to restore or disrupt
the function of proteins implicated in disease through several different mechanisms of action covering both functional and conformational
effects, including stabilization, destabilization, targeted degradation, allosteric inhibition, and allosteric activation of the targeted
protein; improved specificity of small molecules because binding to an allosteric binding site is non-competitive with the natural substrate
that binds to the active binding site; and the ability to identify small molecules with more favorable drug-like properties. The SEE-Tx
platform has been used to identify novel allosteric sites and small molecules for all of our pipeline programs. Discovering and targeting
novel allosteric sites with our platform not only reduces traditional drug discovery timelines but enables rational drug design and offers
the potential for superior small molecule drugs that are highly specific and that can penetrate hard to reach tissues and cross the blood-brain
barrier where necessary. We have generated an extensive
preclinical data package providing evidence of the mechanism of action and effect of our lead product candidate GT-02287 for the treatment
of misfolded beta-glucocerebrosidase, or GBA1 Parkinson’s disease, including restoration of the lysosomal enzyme β-Glucocerebrosidase
(GCase) function, reduction of toxic lipid substrates and toxic forms of alpha-synuclein, improved survival of dopaminergic neurons, increased
dopamine levels and improved locomotor function in animal models. In September 2023, we received approval from the Bellberry Human Research
Ethics Committee (HREC) to conduct a Phase 1 clinical trial in Australia. The Phase 1 clinical trial is intended to evaluate the administration
of both single and multiple ascending dose levels of GT-02287 in healthy volunteers to assess the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics
of GT-02287. In addition, in the multiple ascending dose part of the Phase 1 clinical trial, we will evaluate the pharmacodynamic response
to GT-02287 by analyzing GCase levels and activity. As of August 10, 2023, the first of five cohorts of the single ascending dose part
was completed, and the dose was escalated to the second dose level. No drug-related adverse effects have been observed as of the present
time. We expect to complete the Phase 1 clinical trial of GT-02287 in the first half of 2024. We have filed four
patent applications for our novel small molecule drug candidates for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases including GBA
Parkinson’s disease and idiopathic Parkinson’s disease. We announced the publication of two PCT patent applications with
the first directed at compounds targeting GBA1, addressing CNS diseases such as Parkinson’s disease, Gaucher disease,
Alzheimer’s disease, and Lewy body dementia. The second patent application was directed at compounds targeting
galactosylceramidase, or GALC, addressing demyelinating disorders such as Krabbe disease and multiple sclerosis. 1 Our Pipeline We are leveraging our SEE-Tx
technology platform to develop a pipeline of novel small molecule drug candidates to address complex diseases. The platform is disease
agnostic and provides us with the ability to expand our pipeline, quickly, efficiently and at low cost. We are currently focusing on progressing
our programs in Parkinson’s and Gaucher disease. We are also continuing to develop our program in Krabbe disease and liver and lung
disease, and applying our SEE-Tx platform to establish new programs in oncology. We are seeking non-dilutive funding in order to progress
our other research programs in additional lysosomal storage disorders and metabolic diseases. The following table sets forth the status of our
product candidates: Risks Associated with Our Business Our business is subject to numerous risks. You should
read these risks before you invest in our securities. In particular, our risks include, but are not limited to, the following: · there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate revenues or, if we
are able to generate revenues, achieve profitability; · we have a limited operating history, and we expect a number of factors to
cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance; · if preclinical studies or clinical trials for our product candidates cannot
be initiated or completed or if they are delayed or unsuccessful, we will be unable to meet our future development and commercialization
goals; · the disorders we seek to treat have low prevalence and it may be difficult
to identify patients with these disorders, which may lead to delays in enrollment for our trials or slower commercial revenue if approved,
and we may also face enrollment challenges as a result of other factors; · our product candidates are novel and still in development. If we are unable
to successfully develop, receive regulatory approval for and commercialize our current or future product candidates, our business will
be harmed; 2 · we have just started testing one of our product candidates in clinical trials.
Success in early preclinical studies or clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained in later preclinical studies and clinical
trials; · clinical trials required for our product candidates are expensive and time-consuming,
and their outcome is uncertain; · we will need to raise additional capital, which may cause dilution to our
stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates, and additional capital
may not be available on favorable terms or at all, which may force us to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our research and development
programs, reduce our commercialization efforts or curtail our operations; · we are subject to extensive and costly government regulation; · even if we obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, our
product candidates may not be accepted by the market and we might not receive coverage or adequate reimbursement from government and third-party
payors for any approved products; · we rely on third parties to manufacture the compounds used in our studies.
If these third parties do not manufacture these compounds in sufficient quantities and at acceptable cost, or if these third parties experience
delays in production or are required by government regulators to halt or modify their operations, progress of our clinical trials and
development and commercialization of our products could be delayed, prevented, or impaired; · we rely on a license to use the technology that is material to our business
and if the agreement underlying the license were to be terminated or if other rights that may be necessary for commercializing our intended
products cannot be obtained, it would halt our ability to market our products and technology, as well as have an immediate material adverse
effect on our business, operating results and financial condition; · we are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations,
rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to
comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions, litigation (including class actions) and mass arbitration
demands, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, reputational harm, loss of revenue or profits and other adverse
business consequences; and · global and macroeconomic conditions, including worldwide economic, political
and social instability could adversely affect our revenue