” section could result in the
    actual operating results being different from our guidance, and
    such differences may be adverse and material. Our pending bank acquisition will, if successful, subject
    our business to significant new, and potentially changing,
    regulatory requirements, which may adversely affect our
    business, financial position and results of operations. If we complete our pending bank acquisition, we will become a
    “bank holding company” under the Bank Holding Company
    Act of 1956, or BHC Act. As a bank holding company, we will be
    required to file periodic reports with, and will be subject to
    comprehensive supervision and examination by, the Federal
    Reserve Board. Among other things, we and the subsidiary bank we
    acquire will be subject to risk-based and leverage capital
    requirements, which could adversely affect our results of
    operations and restrict our ability to grow. These capital
    requirements, as well as other federal laws applicable to banks
    and bank holding companies, could also limit our ability to pay
    dividends. We also would likely incur additional costs
    associated with legal and regulatory compliance as a bank
    holding company, which could adversely affect our results of
    operations. In addition, as a bank holding company, we would
    generally be prohibited from engaging, directly or indirectly,
    in any activities other than those permissible for bank holding
    companies. This restriction might limit our ability to pursue
    future business opportunities we might otherwise consider but
    which might fall outside the activities permissible for a bank
    holding company. See “Business —
    Regulation — Bank Regulations.” Moreover, substantial changes to banking laws and regulations
    are possible in the near future. The Dodd-Frank Act made
    numerous changes to the regulatory framework governing banking
    organizations, and many of the provisions must be implemented by
    regulation. These regulations could likewise substantially
    affect our business and operations. There are proposals in the
    U.S. Congress that could make additional changes to the
    regulatory framework affecting our 15 Table of Contents operations. These changes, if they are made, could have an
    adverse effect on our business, financial position and results
    of operations. We rely on relationships with card issuing banks to
    conduct our business, and our results of operations and
    financial position could be materially and adversely affected if
    we fail to maintain these relationships or we maintain them
    under new terms that are less favorable to us. Substantially all of our cards are issued by GE Money Bank or
    Columbus Bank and Trust Company, a division of Synovus
    Bank. Our relationships with these banks are currently, and will
    be for the foreseeable future, a critical component of our
    ability to conduct our business and to maintain our revenue and
    expense structure, because we are currently unable to issue our
    own cards, and, even if we consummate our pending bank
    acquisition, will be unable to do so for the foreseeable future
    at the volume necessary to conduct our business, if at all. If
    we lose or do not maintain existing banking relationships, we
    would incur significant switching and other costs and expenses
    and we and users of our products and services could be
    significantly affected, creating contingent liabilities for us.
    As a result, the failure to maintain adequate banking
    relationships could have a material adverse effect on our
    business, results of operations and financial condition. Our
    agreements with the banks that issue our cards provide for
    revenue-sharing arrangements and cost and expense allocations
    between the parties. Changes in the revenue-sharing arrangements
    or the costs and expenses that we have to bear under these
    relationships could have a material impact on our operating
    expenses. In addition, we may be unable to maintain adequate
    banking relationships or, following their expiration in 2012 and
    2015, renew our agreements with the banks that currently issue
    substantially all of our cards under terms at least as favorable
    to us as those existing before renewal. We receive important services from third-party vendors,
    including card processing from Total System Services, Inc.
    Replacing them would be difficult and disruptive to our
    business. Some services relating to our business, including fraud
    management and other customer verification services, transaction
    processing and settlement, card production and customer service,
    are outsourced to third-party vendors, such as Total System
    Services, Inc. for card processing and Genpact International,
    Inc. for call center services. It would be difficult to replace
    some of our third-party vendors, particularly Total System
    Services, in a timely manner if they were unwilling or unable to
    provide us with these services in the future, and our business
    and operations could be adversely affected. Changes in credit card association or other network rules
    or standards set by Visa and MasterCard, or changes in card
    association and debit network fees or products or interchange
    rates, could adversely affect our business, financial position
    and results of operations. We and the banks that issue our cards are subject to Visa and
    MasterCard association rules that could subject us to a variety
    of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card
    associations or networks for acts or omissions by us or
    businesses that work with us, including card processors, such as
    Total Systems Services, Inc. The termination of the card
    association registrations held by us or any of the banks that
    issue our cards or any changes in card association or other
    debit network rules or standards, including interpretation and
    implementation of existing rules or standards, that increase the
    cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide our
    products and services could have an adverse effect on our
    business, operating results and financial condition. In
    addition, from time to time, card associations increase the
    organization and/or processing fees that they charge, which could increase our
    operating expenses, reduce our profit margin and adversely
    affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, a substantial portion of our operating revenues is
    derived from interchange fees. For the nine months ended
    September 30, 2010, interchange revenues represented 29.8%
    of our total operating revenues, and we expect interchange
    revenues to continue to represent a significant 16 Table of Contents percentage of our total operating revenues in the near term. The
    amount of interchange revenues that we earn is highly dependent
    on the interchange rates that Visa and MasterCard set and adjust
    from time to time. There is a substantial likelihood that
    interchange rates for certain products and certain issuing banks
    will decline significantly in the future as a result of the
    implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act, which requires the Federal
    Reserve Board to implement regulations that will likely
    substantially limit interchange fees for many issuers. While the
    interchange rates that may be earned by us and the bank we
    propose to acquire will be unaffected by this new law, there can
    be no assurance that future legislation or regulation will not
    impact our interchange revenues substantially. If interchange
    rates decline, whether due to actions by Visa or MasterCard or
    future legislation or regulation, we would likely need to change
    our fee structure to compensate for lost interchange revenues.
    To the extent we increase the pricing of our products and
    services, we might find it more difficult to acquire consumers
    and to maintain or grow card usage and customer retention. We
    also might have to discontinue certain products or services. As
    a result, our operating revenues, operating results, prospects
    for future growth and overall business could be materially and
    adversely affected. Our business could suffer if there is a decline in the use
    of prepaid cards as a payment mechanism or there are adverse
    developments with respect to the prepaid financial services
    industry in general. As the prepaid financial services industry evolves, consumers
    may find prepaid financial services to be less attractive than
    traditional or other financial services. Consumers might not use
    prepaid financial services for any number of reasons, including
    the general perception of our industry. For example, negative
    publicity surrounding other prepaid financial service providers
    could impact our business and prospects for growth to the extent
    it adversely impacts the perception of prepaid financial
    services among consumers. If consumers do not continue or
    increase their usage of prepaid cards, our operating revenues
    may remain at current levels or decline. Predictions by industry
    analysts and others concerning the growth of prepaid financial
    services as an electronic payment mechanism, including those
    included in this prospectus, may overstate the growth of an
    industry, segment or category, and you should not rely upon
    them. The projected growth may not occur or may occur more
    slowly than estimated. If consumer acceptance of prepaid
    financial services does not continue to develop or develops more
    slowly than expected or if there is a shift in the mix of
    payment forms, such as cash, credit cards, traditional debit
    cards and prepaid cards, away from our products and services, it
    co