. In
evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other
things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot
presently be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of
a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce
the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. Lack
of Business Diversification For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend
entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations
with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations
and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business
combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: ☐ subject us to negative
    economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular
    industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and ☐ cause us to depend
    on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 66 Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to
be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public
company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated
with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain
associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their
full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our
management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our
initial business combination. Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target
business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder
approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we
may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. Type of Transaction Whether Stockholder Approval is Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes Under
Nasdaq’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: ☐ we issue shares
    of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; ☐ any of our directors,
    officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively
    have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and
    the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power
    of 5% or more; or ☐ the issuance or
    potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 67 Permitted
Purchases of our Securities If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors,
officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq
rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any
terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when
they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited
by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject
to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section
16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the
trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial
business combination. The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of
public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted
to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may
result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public “float” of our shares of common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly
or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into
a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem
their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder
has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or
their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal
securities laws. Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a
safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has
certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the