The Company is subject to the market risk factors listed below. Crypto Assets Under Custody The Company holds crypto assets under custody in a fiduciary or agency capacity for its customers. These are assets that the Company holds directly or indirectly on behalf of customers under a safekeeping or custody arrangement and are beneficially owned by the Company’s customers. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, these assets and liabilities are not included on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Under the Company’s standard user agreement with customers, customers may deposit crypto assets that are transferred into the custody of the Company and held in one or more Gemini pooled digital wallets controlled and secured by the Company. Customers have a beneficial ownership interest in the crypto assets that are allocated to them on Gemini’s ledger. Crypto asset balances held in the customer deposit accounts are restricted from general use of the Company. The Company engages Nakamoto, LLC, an affiliated captive insurer, along with another carrier, to provide $25.0 million in crime insurance coverage for crypto assets held in Gemini’s hot wallet, and various third party insurance carriers to provide $100.0 million and $75.0 million in insurance specie coverage for crypto assets held in Gemini Custody cold storage for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The hot wallet insurance coverage protects, subject to policy terms, against theft from a security breach, a fraudulent transfer, or employee theft. Should any losses not be covered by insurance, the Company may be required to use our own crypto assets held in reserve, or to acquire additional crypto assets, in order to make customers whole in the event of a loss of assets on the platform. Liquidity Risk Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with its financial liabilities, including crypto assets. Liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access adequate sources of financing, access to crypto assets to cover customer obligations and by the inability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations. In the event the Company requires additional liquidity, there can be no guarantee the Company will be able to obtain such financing on reasonable terms or at all. Based on the terms of our user agreement, the structure of our crypto offerings, and applicable law, and after consultation with internal and external legal counsel, we believe that the cryptocurrency we hold in custody for users should be considered their property. Consequently, these assets should not be available to satisfy claims from our general creditors in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy. While we remain well-capitalized, users’ concerns about the security of crypto assets in a platform bankruptcy may impact their willingness to hold cryptocurrencies in custodial accounts or their general interest in trading crypto currencies. F-25 TABLE OF CONTENTS Gemini Space Station, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Bank Counterparty Risk The Company’s fiat banking relationships are concentrated in a limited number of financial institutions. Closure of any of these institutions could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. In 2023, due to the closures of Silvergate Bank and Signature Bank, the Company migrated a number of banking relationships and associated balances onto new banking platforms. The Company works with multiple banking partners to mitigate this risk but in the event of a banking counterparty’s failure, the Company could experience interrupted service or financial loss. Crypto Assets Risks The Company’s operations are concentrated in relatively few crypto assets, primarily Bitcoin and Ether, and the Company is subject to related market, regulatory, and other risks. The vast majority of the Company’s revenues are earned from transaction fees on the trading of crypto assets. Investing in crypto assets is highly speculative and volatile. The price of crypto assets may be affected by global supply and demand, competition from other forms of cryptocurrency, or other independent factors. The process by which crypto asset transactions are settled is dependent on peer-to-peer networks and is subject to operational and market risk with regard to previously unknown technical vulnerabilities. Additionally, the volatility in crypto asset prices and limited history could influence the valuation of the Company’s and its customers’ crypto assets, potentially resulting in loss of value. Crypto assets are controllable only by the possessor of a unique private cryptographic key controlling the address in which the crypto asset is held. The theft, loss or destruction of a private key required to access a crypto asset is irreversible, and such private keys would not be capable of being restored by the Company. The loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store crypto assets could result in the loss of the crypto assets and the Company and its customers could incur substantial, or even total, loss of capital. The Company must adapt to technological change in order to secure and safeguard client accounts. While the Company believes it has developed an appropriate proprietary security system reasonably designed to safeguard crypto assets from theft, loss, destruction or other issues relating to hackers and technological attack, such assessment is based upon known technology and threats. Equity Investment Risks The Company holds strategic investments in privately held companies in the form of equity investments without readily determinable fair values in which it does not have a controlling interest or significant influence. The strategic investments are subject to a variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce or increase the carrying value of the portfolio. The Company records changes to the fair value of these strategic investments in Other income, net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The strategic investments are evaluated regularly for impairment. If indicators of impairment exist and the estimated fair value of an investment is below the carrying value, the investment is written down to fair value and the impairment is recorded in Other income, net on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Market Risk of Derivatives The Company has exposure to derivatives measured and recorded at fair value. Market risk on derivatives is the exposure created by potential fluctuations in market prices and other factors and is a function of the type of derivative product, the volume of transactions, the tenor and terms of the agreement, and the underlying volatility. Segment Reporting Operating segments are defined as components of an entity for which separate financial information is available and that is regularly reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (the “CODM”) in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance. The Company’s Chief F-26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Gemini Space Station, LLC and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Executive Officer and President are collectively the Company’s CODM. While the Company does have revenue from multiple customers and products, no measures of profitability by customer or product are available, so discrete segment financial information is not available for each such component. As such, the Company has determined that it operates as one operating segment and one reportable segment. The primary measure of profit and loss regularly reviewed by the CODM is consolidated net income (loss) for the purposes of making key operating decisions, allocating resources, and evaluating financial performance. In addition, segment expenses and total segment assets are regularly provided to the CODM on a consolidated basis. These figures align with those presented in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and consolidated balance sheets, respectively. Recent accounting pronouncements Recently adopted accounting pronouncements In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-08 (“ASU 2023-08”), Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Crypto Assets (Subtopic 350-60), which provides an update to existing crypto asset guidance and permits an entity to measure crypto assets at fair value. In addition, this guidance also outlines enhanced fair value footnote disclosures required once it is adopted. As of January 1, 2023, the Company has adopted ASU 2023-08 and reflects crypto assets held at fair value on the financial statements and includes the required expanded disclosures in Note 7. Crypto Assets Held . The Company’s adoption of this guidance also resulted in a $149.4 million decrease in Accumulated deficit on the consolidated statements of changes in convertible preferred units and members’ deficit, as a result of the cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption. In March 2024, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2024-01, Scope Application of Profits Interest and Similar Awards (“ASU 2024-01”), which clarifies how an entity determines whether a profits interest award is within the scope of share-based payment guidance or not a share-based payment arrangement and therefore in the scope of other guidance. The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2023, under a retrospective approach. There was no impact to the Company’s financial statements as a result of adopting this accounting standard. In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments— ​ Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments (“ASU 2016-13”), which significantly changes how entities will measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that are not measured at fair value through net in