An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, and
Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our
proposed business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may consummate our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support
such a combination. We may choose not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business
combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange rules or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in
lieu of a shareholder meeting, but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if
we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange
rules, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a
variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled “ Proposed Business — Initial Business Combination—Shareholders may not have the ability to
approve our initial business combination ” for additional information. Our Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do
not support. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote in favor of such
initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. We expect that our initial shareholders and their
permitted transferees, will beneficially own approximately 40.0% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote (assuming they do not purchase any public units in this offering). Our initial shareholders and
management team also may from time to time purchase public shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business
combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of at least a
majority of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the applicable general meeting of the company. Our initial shareholders (and their permitted transferees will
agree), pursuant to the terms of the agreements to be entered into with us, to vote any Class B ordinary shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to the founder shares and private placement
shares held by our initial shareholders, we would need approximately 4,166,666 public shares, or approximately 16.7% of the 25,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all issued and outstanding
shares are voted, the over-allotment option is not exercised and 2,500,000 founder shares are forfeited) in order to have such initial business combination approved. 38 Table of Contents Assuming that only the holders of one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association, vote their ordinary shares at a general meeting of the company, we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to approve an initial
business combination. However, if our initial business combination is structured as a statutory merger or consolidation with another company under Cayman Islands law, the approval of our initial business combination will require a special
resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by such shareholders as, being entitled to do so, vote in person or, where proxies are allowed, by proxy at the
applicable general meeting of the company. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will
increase the likelihood that an ordinary resolution will be passed, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem
your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the
specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Because our Board of Directors may consummate our initial business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the
business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time
(which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination
targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into our initial business combination with a target. We may enter into a
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we may not be able to meet such
closing condition, and as a result, would not be able to proceed with such business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the
consummation of our initial business combination or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association will require us to provide all of our public shareholders with an opportunity to redeem all of their shares in connection with the consummation of any initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted
redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination, or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed
with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets would be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into our initial business combination
transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow
us to consummate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. In connection with the successful
consummation of our initial business combination, we may redeem up to that number of Class A ordinary shares that would permit us to maintain net tangible assets of $5,000,001 upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If our
initial business combination requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, the redemption threshold may be further limited. Alternatively, we may need to arrange third-party financing to help fund our business
combination in case a larger percentage of shareholders exercise their redemption rights than we expect. If the acquisition involves the 39 Table of Contents issuance of our shares as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our shares to the target or its shareholders to make up for the failure to satisfy a minimum cash
requirement. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares resu