Limited partner interests are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation, although many of the business risks to which
we are subject are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a similar business. You should carefully consider the following risk factors together with all of the other
information included in this prospectus in evaluating an investment in our common units. If any of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that
case, we might not be able to pay distributions on our common units, the trading price of our common units could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Inherent in Our Business We may not have sufficient cash from operations to enable us to pay the minimum quarterly distribution following establishment of cash reserves and
payment of fees and expenses, including payments to our general partner. We may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to pay the minimum quarterly distribution. The amount of cash we can distribute on our units principally
depends upon the amount of cash we generate from our operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other things: • seasonal
variation in temperatures, which affects demand for home heating oil and residual oil to the extent that it is used for space heating; • competition
from other companies that sell refined petroleum products in New England; • demand
for refined petroleum products in the markets we serve; • the
level of our operating costs, including payments to our general partner; and • prevailing
economic conditions. In
addition, the actual amount of cash we will have available for distribution will depend on other factors such as: • the
level of capital expenditures we make; • the
restrictions contained in our credit agreement; • our
debt service requirements; • the
cost of acquisitions, if any; • fluctuations
in our working capital needs; • our
ability to borrow under our credit agreement to make distributions to our unitholders; and • the
amount, if any, of cash reserves established by our general partner in its discretion. You
should be aware that the amount of cash we have available for distribution depends primarily on our cash flow, including cash flow from financial reserves and working capital
borrowings, and not solely on profitability, which will be affected by non-cash items. As a result, we may make cash distributions during periods when we record losses and may not make
cash distributions during periods when we record net income. 14 Warmer weather conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Because we have retail distributors whose customers depend on home heating oil and residual oil for space heating purposes during the winter, weather conditions
have a significant impact on the demand for both home heating oil and residual oil. Furthermore, warmer than normal temperatures during the winter in one or more regions in which we operate can
significantly decrease the total volume we sell and the gross profit realized on those sales and, consequently, our results of operations and financial condition. In 2002, temperatures were
significantly warmer than normal for the areas in which we sell home heating oil and residual oil, which adversely affected our results of operations. Our financial results are seasonal and generally lower in the second and third quarters of the calendar year, which is likely to result in our need to
borrow money in order to make distributions to our unitholders during these quarters. Demand
for some of our refined petroleum products, specifically our home heating oil and residual oil, is generally higher during November through March than during April through
October. We obtain a significant portion of our sales during these winter months. As a result, our results of operations for the second and third calendar quarters are generally lower than for the
first and fourth calendar
quarters. With lower cash flow during the second and third calendar quarters, we may be required to borrow money in order to pay the minimum quarterly distribution to our unitholders. Any restrictions
on our ability to borrow money could restrict our ability to pay the minimum quarterly distribution to our unitholders. Our risk management policies cannot eliminate all commodity risk. In addition, any non-compliance with our risk management policies could
result in significant financial losses. While our hedging policies are designed to minimize commodity risk, some degree of exposure to unforeseen fluctuations in market conditions remains. For example,
we change our hedged position daily in response to movements in our inventory. If we overestimate or underestimate our sales from inventory, we may be unhedged for the amount of the overestimate or
underestimate. We
use the New York Mercantile Exchange ("NYMEX") to hedge our commodity risk with respect to pricing of energy products traded on the NYMEX. Physical deliveries under NYMEX contracts
are made in New York Harbor. To the extent we need such deliveries in other ports, such as Boston Harbor, we may have basis risk. "Basis risk" describes the inherent market price risk created when a
commodity of certain grade or location is purchased, sold or exchanged versus a purchase, sale or exchange of a like commodity of varying location or grade. Transportation costs and timing
differential are components of basis risk. We
monitor processes and procedures to prevent unauthorized trading and to maintain substantial balance between purchases and sales or future delivery obligations. We cannot assure you,
however, that these steps will detect and prevent all violations of such risk management policies and procedures, particularly if deception or other intentional misconduct is involved. We are exposed to trade credit risk in the ordinary course of our business activities. We are exposed to risks of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers and by counterparties of our forward contracts, options and swap agreements. Some
of our customers and counterparties may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks. Even if our credit review and analysis mechanisms work properly, there can be no
assurance that we will not experience financial losses in our dealings with other parties. Any increase in the nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers and/or counterparties could reduce our
ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 15 Some of our competitors have capital resources many times greater than ours and control greater supplies of refined petroleum products. Our competitors include terminal companies, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates and independent marketers of varying sizes, financial
resources and experience. Some of our competitors have capital resources many times greater than ours and control greater supplies of refined petroleum products. If we are unable to compete
effectively, we may lose existing customers or fail to acquire new customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, if a
competitor attempts to increase market share by reducing prices, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. We can make no assurances that we will be able to compete
successfully with these companies. Please read "Business—Competition." Some of our residual oil volumes are subject to customers switching to natural gas which could result in loss of customers, which in turn could have an
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our residual oil business competes for customers with suppliers of natural gas. Those end users who are dual-fuel users have the ability to switch
from residual oil to natural gas. During a period of increasing residual oil prices relative to the prices of natural gas, dual-fuel using customers may switch to natural gas. Such
switching could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We could face additional competition from alternative energy sources such as natural gas as a result of
government-mandated controls or regulation promoting the use of cleaner fuels. Residual oil consumption has steadily declined over the last three decades. Please read
"Industry—Products—Residual Oil and Bunker Fuel." Energy efficiency and new technology may reduce the demand for our products and adversely affect our operating results. Increased conservation and technological advances, including installation of improved insulation and the development of more efficient furnaces and other heating
devices, have adversely affected the demand for home heating oil and residual oil. Future conservation measures or technological advances in heating, conservation, energy generation or other devices
might reduce demand and adversely affect our operating results. We are exposed to performance risk in our supply chain. We rely upon our suppliers to timely produce the volumes and types of refined petroleum products for which they contract with us. In the event one or more of our
suppliers does not perform in accordance with its contractual obligations, we may be required to purchase product on the open market to satisfy forward contracts we have entered into with our
customers in reliance upon such supply arrangements. We purchase refined petroleum products from a variety of suppliers under term contracts and on the spot market. In times of extreme market demand,
we may be unable to satisfy our supply requirements. Furthermore, a significant portion of our supply comes from other countries, which could be disrupted by political events. In the event that such
supply becomes scarce, whether as a result of political events or otherwise