and under the heading Regulatory Developments, a number of states and cities have implemented
bans or restrictions on the sale of vaporizers and accessories, as well as flavored tobacco products, including vaping liquids and menthol
cigarettes. There may, in the future, also be increased regulation of additives in smokeless products and internet sales of vaporization
products and certain other consumption accessories. The application of either or both of current federal, state, and local, laws, and
of any new laws or regulations which may be adopted in the future at the federal, state, or local level, to vaporization products, consumption
accessories or such additives could result in additional expenses and require us to change our advertising and labeling, and methods
of marketing and distribution of our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. Canada On
May 23, 2018, the Tobacco and Vaping Products Act (“TVPA”) became effective, and now governs the manufacture, sale, labeling
and promotion of vaping products sold in Canada. The TVPA replaced the former Tobacco Act (Canada) and established a legislative framework
that applies to vaping products, whether or not they contain nicotine. The TVPA prescribes high-level requirements in relation to vaping
products, with regulations governing specific topics such as nicotine concentration and the promotion of vaping products. Other regulations
remain forthcoming and there remains a high degree of uncertainty with respect to the compliance landscape for vaping products. As such,
there can be no assurance that we will initially be in total compliance, remain competitive, or financially able to meet future requirements
administered pursuant to the TVPA. Prior to the TVPA becoming effective, Health Canada had taken the position that electronic smoking
products (i.e., electronic products for the vaporization and administration of inhaled doses of nicotine, including electronic cigarettes,
cigars, cigarillos and pipes, as well as cartridges of nicotine solutions and related products) fell within the scope of the Food and
Drugs Act (Canada) (“Food and Drugs Act”). Vaping products with therapeutic or health-related claims are subject to the Food
and Drugs Act and related regulations. Finally, the TVPA provides the authority to make regulations to collect information from industry
about vaping products, their emissions and any research and development (e.g., sales data and information on market research, product
composition, ingredients, materials, health effects, hazardous properties and brand elements). Health Canada is currently developing
proposed regulations in this area. 25 On
December 21, 2019, Health Canada issued a Regulatory Impact Analysis Statement titled “Vaping Products Promotion Regulations.”
The Impact Analysis addressed two proposed new regulations that would place stricter limits on the advertising and promotion of nicotine
vaping products and make health warnings on nicotine vaping products mandatory (the “Proposed Regulations”). The Proposed
Regulations would: (1) prohibit the promotion of nicotine vaping products and nicotine vaping product-related brand elements by means
of advertising that is done in a manner that can be seen or heard by youth, including the display of nicotine vaping products a points
of sale where can be seen by youth; and (2) require that all nicotine vaping advertising convey a health warning about the health hazards
of nicotine vaping product use. On
July 1, 2020, Health Canada’s “Vaping Products Labeling and Packaging Regulations” (the “VPLPR”) came into
effect; requiring (1) all vaping products containing nicotine to display a standardized nicotine concentration statement and health warning
about the addictiveness of nicotine; (2) products containing nicotine to be packaged in child-resistant containers and display a toxicity
warning and first aid treatment statement; and (3) the display of a list of ingredients contained in the vaping substances, regardless
of nicotine content. On July 14, 2020, Health Canada issued a guidance document on vaping products titled, “Industry Guide to vaping
products subject to the Canada Consumer Product Safety Act” (the “CCPA Guidance”). The CCPA Guidance provided clarity
on requirements under the Canada Consumer Product Safety Act (“CCPSA”) for vaping products that are manufactured, imported,
advertised, or sold in Canada. The CCPA Guidance provided clarity on the requirements of the VPLPR and the authority of the CCPSA to
address safety issues posed by a vaping product not marketed for therapeutic use or by a cannabis accessory (such as a vaporizer represented
to be used in the consumption of cannabis) not marketed for a therapeutic use. In
addition to federal regulations, several provinces, including Alberta, British Columbia, Nova Scotia, Ontario, Prince Edward Island (“PEI”),
Quebec, and Saskatchewan, have passed regulations fully restricting or limiting the advertising and sales of certain types of nicotine
vaping products. Many provinces have focused their tobacco and vaping control efforts on retail access and have taken action to go beyond
the minimum requirements in the TVPA. For example, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland and Labrador, and the Northwest Territories, have increased
the minimum age of sale to 19. Notably, in Prince Edward Island, as of March 1, 2020, the minimum age for purchasing nicotine products
increased to age 21. In 2019. British Columbia, Saskatchewan, and Ontario limited the sales of flavored vaping products with exceptions
for some flavors to specialty stores, whereas some provinces have banned flavored vaping products, with the exception of tobacco flavor
(Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island). By way of example, on August 11, 2020, PEI adopted a regulation to ban the sale of all flavored
vaping products, effective March 1, 2021. Quebec is currently considering a ban on flavored products and effective as of March 25, 2022,
the sale of flavored vapor products was banned in the Northwest Territories. Moreover,
certain provinces (British Columbia, Newfoundland and Labrador, Saskatchewan, Quebec, Nova Scotia) have implemented an e-cigarette retail
licensing system or have guidelines for retailers in order to prevent sales to minors (Alberta, British Columbia, Newfoundland and Labrador,
Prince Edward Island, Saskatchewan). Finally,
with respect to the taxation of vaping products, the Canadian government introduced amendments to the Excise Act, 2001 to implement a
new excise duty framework on vaping products. These amendments became law on June 23, 2022. The new framework applies to vaping products
that are manufactured in Canada or imported, and that are intended for use in a vaping device in Canada. Manufacturers of vaping products
are required to get a vaping product license from the Canada Revenue Agency (“CRA”). Importers are required to apply for
registration from the CRA. Manufacturers and importers are also required to register for the vaping stamping regime. All vaping products
entering the Canadian duty-paid market are required to be packaged with an excise stamp affixed to the product. The excise stamps shows
that duties have been paid. These
developments, together with the passed and proposed federal and provincial regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. 26 Europe Throughout
Europe, several countries’ laws implementing the European Union Tobacco Products Directive (“TPD”) impose strict regulations
on the approval, sale, and advertising of e-cigarettes. While we do not sell or market any material amount of products that we believe
fall within the definition of e-cigarettes in Europe, if vaporization products we sell are found to fall within the scope of laws implementing
the TPD, we would be unable to continue selling those products in certain countries, which may have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, and financial condition. We
may be unable to identify or contract with new suppliers in the event of a disruption to our supply. In
the event of a disruption to our supply of products, we would have to identify new suppliers that can meet our needs. Only a limited
number of suppliers may have the ability to produce certain products we sell at the volumes we need, and it could be costly or time-consuming
to locate and approve such alternative sources. Moreover, it may be difficult or costly to find suppliers to produce small volumes of
products in the event we are looking only to supplement our current supply as suppliers may impose minimum order requirements. In addition,
we may be unable to negotiate pricing or other terms with our existing or new suppliers as favorable as those we currently enjoy. We
cannot guarantee that a failure to adequately replace or supplement our existing suppliers would not have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. Demand
for the products we distribute could decrease if the trend of our suppliers selling products directly to consumers or retailers continues
or accelerates. Retailers
and consumers of vaporization products and consumption accessories have historically purchased certain amounts of these products directly
from suppliers. Recently, direct to consumer sales of vaporization products and consumption accessories have accelerated, consistent
with broader sales trends. If our customers were to increase their purchases of products directly from suppliers, or if suppliers further
increase their efforts to sell such products directly to consumers or retailers, we could experience a significant decrease in our business,
results of operations and financial condition. These, or other developments that remove us from, or limit our role in, the distribution
chain, may harm our competitive position in the ma