An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following
risks, as well as the other information contained in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not yet
identified or that we currently think are immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the
trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks related to our business and industry Demand for our products is significantly affected by unpredictable major power-outage events that can lead to substantial variations in, and uncertainties regarding, our
financial results from period to period. Sales of our products are subject to consumer buying patterns, and demand for our products is affected by weather-driven and other outage events,
including thunderstorms, hurricanes, ice storms and blackouts caused by grid reliability issues. Sustained periods without major power disruptions can lead to reduced consumer awareness of the
benefits of standby and portable generator products and can result in reduced sales and excess inventory. For example, in 2007, our net sales declined 18.3% from the prior year, and this decline was
driven at least in part by the fact that the storm seasons in the two years leading up to and including 2007 resulted in fewer power outages than in the prior years. The lack of major power-outage
events can affect our net sales in the quarters following a given storm season. Unpredictable fluctuations in demand are therefore part of managing our business, and these fluctuations could have an
adverse effect on our net sales and profits. Demand for our standby generators is significantly affected by durable goods spending by consumers and businesses and other macroeconomic conditions. Our business is affected by general economic conditions, and uncertainty or adverse changes such as the recent downturn in worldwide economic
conditions and the impact of the credit crisis could lead to a significant decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. Our sales of light commercial and industrial generators
are affected by conditions in the non-residential construction sector and by the capital investment trends for small and large businesses and municipalities. If these businesses and
municipalities cannot access credit markets or do not utilize discretionary funds to purchase our products as a result of the economy or other factors, our business could suffer. In addition, consumer
confidence and home remodeling expenditures have a significant impact on sales of our residential products, and prolonged periods of weakness in consumer durable goods spending could have a material
impact on our business. Typically, we do not have contracts with our customers, and we cannot guarantee that our current customers will continue to purchase our products. If general economic
conditions or consumer confidence
were to worsen, or if the non-residential construction sector or rate of capital investments were to decline, our net sales and profits would likely be adversely affected. 17 Table of Contents Decreases in the availability, or increases in the cost, of raw materials and key components we use could materially reduce our earnings. The principal raw materials that we use to produce our generators are steel, copper and aluminum. We also source a significant number of component
parts that we utilize to manufacture our generators from third parties. The prices of those raw materials and components are susceptible to significant fluctuations due to trends in supply and demand,
transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, price controls, economic conditions and other unforeseen circumstances beyond our control. If we are unable to mitigate raw material or
component price increases through product design improvements, price increases to our customers or hedging transactions, our profitability could be adversely affected. For example, in 2008, we
experienced a 4.8% decrease in gross margin percentage, partially due to increases in commodity prices, including steel, copper and aluminum. Also, our ability to continue to obtain materials and
components is subject to the continued reliability and viability of our suppliers, including in some cases, suppliers who are the sole source of important components. If we are unable to obtain
adequate, cost efficient or timely deliveries of required raw materials and components, we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products on a timely basis. This could cause us to lose
sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to our reputation. The industry in which we compete is highly competitive, and our failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We operate in markets that are highly competitive. Some of our competitors have established brands and are larger in size or are divisions of large
diversified companies and have substantially greater financial resources. Some of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins in order to compete with us. In addition, we
could face new competition from large international or domestic companies with established
industrial brands that enter the generator market. Demand for our products may also be affected by our ability to respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing
pressure, and to provide shorter lead times for our products than our competitors. If we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, we could lose market share, which would have
an adverse impact on our results. For more information, see "Business—Competition." Our industry is subject to technological change, and our failure to continue developing new and improved products and to bring these products rapidly to market could have an
adverse impact on our business. New products, or refinements and improvements of existing products, may have technical failures, their introduction may be delayed, they may have
higher production costs than originally expected or they may not be accepted by our customers. If we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market high quality products in line with
technological advancements that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results could be adversely affected. We rely on independent dealers and distribution partners, and the loss of these dealers and distribution partners, or of any of our sales arrangements with significant
private label, telecommunications or retail customers, would adversely affect our business. In addition to our direct sales force and manufacturer sales representatives, we depend on the services of independent distributors and dealers to
sell our products and provide service and 18 Table of Contents aftermarket
support to our customers. We also rely upon our distribution channels to drive awareness for our product categories and our brands. In addition, we sell our products to our customers
through private label arrangements with leading HVAC equipment, electrical equipment and construction machinery companies, arrangements with top retailers and our direct national accounts with
telecommunications and industrial customers. Our distribution agreements and any contracts we have with large telecommunications, retail and other customers are typically not exclusive, and many of
the distributors and customers with whom we do business offer products and services of our competitors. Impairment of our relationships
with our distributors, dealers or large customers, loss of a substantial number of these distributors or dealers or of one or more large customers, or an increase in our distributors' or dealers'
sales of our competitors' products to our customers or of our large customers' purchases of our competitors' products could materially reduce our sales and profits. Also, our ability to successfully
realize our growth strategy is dependent in part on our ability to identify, attract and retain new distributors at all layers of our distribution platform, and we cannot be certain that we will be
successful in these efforts. Our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if third parties claim that we are in violation of their
intellectual property rights. We view our intellectual property rights, including those relating to our Generac® brand name, fuel management systems and MPS
technology, as important assets. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing and
confidentiality agreements. These protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with
us, copying or reverse engineering our products, or developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. The unauthorized use of our intellectual property by
others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. If it became necessary for us to litigate to protect these rights, any proceedings could be burdensome and costly and we may not
prevail. We cannot guarantee that any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. Moreover, the expiration of our patents may
lead to increased competition with respect to certain products. In
addition, we cannot be certain that we do not or will not infringe third parties' intellectual property rights. Any su