An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in
this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition
and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you
could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation
of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We have no operating history and no revenues,
and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a exempted company incorporated under
the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until obtaining funding through this offering.
Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing
our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective
target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete
our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our public shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though
a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve
our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
rules or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, Nasdaq listing rules currently
allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting, but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if we were
seeking to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding shares,
we would seek shareholder approval of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules,
the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing
of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we
may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve
of the business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business — Effecting Our Initial Business
Combination — Shareholders may not have the ability to approve our initial business combination” for additional information. If we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Unlike
many other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority
of the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors
and officers have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with
us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition
to our initial shareholders’ founder shares, we would need 9,375,001 additional shares, or 37.5% (assuming all issued and outstanding
shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised), or only one additional share (assuming only the minimum number of shares
representing a quorum are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised), of the 25,000,000 public shares sold in this offering
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have such initial business combination approved. Our directors and
officers have also entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by
them, if any. We expect that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20% of our issued and outstanding
ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination,
it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if such persons agreed to vote their
founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. The non-managing HoldCo investors
are not required to (i) hold any units, Class A ordinary shares or public warrants they may purchase in this offering or thereafter for
any amount of time, (ii) vote any Class A ordinary shares they may own at the applicable time in favor of our initial business combination
or (iii) refrain from exercising their right to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial business combination. The non-managing
HoldCo investors will have the same rights to the funds held in the trust account with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying
the units they may purchase in this offering as the rights afforded to our other public shareholders. 41 Potential participation in this offering
by our non-managing HoldCo investors could reduce the public float for our securities. Our non-managing HoldCo investors have
indicated an interest to purchase up to an aggregate of approximately $284.5 million of the units offered in this offering at the
initial public offering price (assuming the exercise in full of the underwriter’s over-allotment option). These indications of
interest are not binding agreements or commitments to purchase. As a result, such parties could determine to purchase less or no
units in this offering, or the underwriter could determine to sell less or no units to them. If our non-managing HoldCo investors
are not allocated all or a portion of the units in which it has indicated an interest in this offering, and it purchases any such
units, such purchase or purchases could reduce the available public float for our securities if such parties hold these securities
long-term. Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will
not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since our board
of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or
opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder
approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising
your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed
to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make
it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount
of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as
a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to
the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred
underwriting commissions is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. If we are able to consummate
an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay
and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would
not allow us to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination
and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant
to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination
or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our
initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need