See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 8 and the other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before investing in our securities. In addition, before deciding whether to invest, you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described in the section captioned “Risk Factors” contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2026, and other filings we make with the SEC from time to time, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus and the information incorporated by reference herein. The number of shares of our Common Stock and Class B common stock shown above to be outstanding after this offering is based on 136,056,130 shares of our Common Stock and 26,258,546 shares of our Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding as of December 31, 2025, and excludes: • 1,444,251 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of options outstanding as of December 31, 2025, with a weighted average exercise price of $7.06 per share; • 1,551,019 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the vesting of RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2025 granted pursuant to our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (“2014 Plan”); • 10,467,283 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the vesting of RSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2025 granted pursuant to our 2024 Equity Incentive Plan (“2024 Plan”); • 104,128 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the vesting of RSUs outstanding that were granted after December 31, 2025 pursuant to our 2024 Plan; • 414,634 shares of our Common Stock issued pursuant to our 2024 Employee Stock Purchase Plan after December 31, 2025; • 11,076,968 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants as of December 31, 2025; 6 • 26,258,546 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of outstanding shares of our Class B common stock; and • 18,464,261 shares of our Common Stock reserved and available for future issuance as of December 31, 2025 under our equity incentive plans, consisting of (1) 10,119,573 shares of our Common Stock reserved and available for issuance under our 2024 Plan as of December 31, 2025 (which number is prior to the options and RSUs granted after December 31, 2025 in the preceding bullets) and (2) 8,344,688shares of our Common Stock reserved and available for issuance under our 2024 Employee Stock Purchase Plan as of December 31, 2025. 7 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information set forth in this prospectus or incorporated herein by reference, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes, and the risks and uncertainties discussed under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. If any of the risks described herein or therein actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. Additional risks and uncertainties beyond those set forth in this prospectus or in our reports filed with the Commission and not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our operations. Any risks and uncertainties, whether set forth in this prospectus or in our reports filed with the Commission or otherwise, could cause our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects to be materially and adversely harmed. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock and Other Securities Our stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile. Since 2023, our closing stock price ranged from a high of $6.46 in the first quarter of 2023 to a low of $0.48 in the second quarter of 2025. Our stock price may fluctuate in response to a number of events and factors, such as quarterly operating results, changes in our financial projections provided to the public or our failure to meet those projections, the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC, significant transactions, or new features, products or services offered by us or our competitors, changes in our business lines and product lineup, changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts, media coverage of our business and financial performance, the operating and stock price performance of, or other developments involving, other companies that investors may deem comparable to us, trends in our industry, trade regulation, any significant change in our management, and general economic conditions. Our existing liquidity and capital resources may not be sufficient to sustain our business conditions and debt obligations, we may need to raise additional capital through the issuance of additional shares which may have an adverse impact on our stock price. These factors, as well as the volatility of our Class A common stock, could also affect our ability to recruit and retain employees. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for companies in our industry, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to operating performance. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance. Price volatility over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock’s price at a given point in time. In addition, some companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We have been subject to past shareholder class action lawsuits as well as derivative lawsuits and may continue to be a target for such litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and liability and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could harm our business. See Note 11 Commitments, contingencies, and guarantees, in the Notes to consolidated financial statements of the Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporated by reference for a discussion on legal proceedings. If we fail to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, or other market expectations, our stock price may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse effect on investor confidence and employee retention. A sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization could lead to impairment charges. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise, and should market conditions or macroeconomic conditions continue to deteriorate, including a rise in inflationary pressures and interest rates, a sustained decline in our share price, or a decline in our results of operations, the result of such review may indicate a decline in the fair value of goodwill resulting in an impairment charge. In the event we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge to our goodwill, other intangibles, and/or long-lived assets, 8 such non-cash charge could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the reporting period in which we record the charge. For example, in the first quarter of 2025, we conducted a quantitative impairment test and concluded that the carrying value of our single reporting unit exceeded our fair value, resulting in the recognition of an $18.6 million goodwill impairment charge. Additional goodwill impairment charges may be necessary in the future quarters. Our stock price has been, and may in the future be, affected by atypical retailer investor interest. In the third quarter of 2025, we experienced high price volatility in our Class A common stock, including atypical retail investor interest caused largely by social media. The coordinated trading activity, amplified by individuals on online forums and social media, may have contributed to a rapid increase in the market price of our Class A common stock. Such trading activity may be unrelated to our financial results, and as a result, may cause a situation where our results of operations were not tied to our performance. Because of the volatility in the price of our Class A common stock, investors may have purchased shares at artificially inflated prices and could incur substantial losses. Additionally, anomalous trading activity caused by atypical retailer investor interest or other reasons may occur in the future, resulting in increased or extremely high trading volume and high volatility. Our Class A common stock may cease to be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. On March 6, 2026, our Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, closed below the $1.00 per share minimum bid price requirement for continued inclusion on The Nasdaq Global Select Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1) (Bid Price Requirement). Should our Class A common stock trade below the minimum Bid Price Requirement for 30 consecutive business days, the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq) will send a notice to us that, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we will be provided an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days from receipt of such notice, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Requirement. To regain compliance, the closing bid price for the Class A common stock must be at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days prior to the end of the 180-day period. There can be no assurance that we will b