—Labor and raw material shortages and price fluctuations
could delay or increase the cost of land development and home construction, which could materially and adversely affect JBGL.” 91 JBGL
Corporate Organization and Structure JBGL carries out its business
generally through a number of project-specific, wholly-owned limited liability company subsidiaries. JBGL’s homebuilding operations business is conducted primarily through JBGL Builder Finance LLC, and the land development operations
conducts its business under the brand JBGL Communities. Government
Regulation and Environmental Matters JBGL’s developments are subject to
numerous local, state, federal and other statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning zoning, development, building design,
construction and similar matters that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements, the result of which is to limit the number
of homes that can be built within the boundaries of a particular area. Projects that are not entitled may be subjected to periodic
delays, changes in use, less intensive development or elimination of development in certain specific areas due to government regulations.
JBGL may also be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing in certain communities due to building
moratoriums or “slow-growth” or “no-growth” initiatives that could be implemented in the future. Local
governments also have broad discretion regarding the imposition of development and service fees for projects in their jurisdiction.
Projects for which JBGL has received land use and development entitlements or approvals may still require a variety of other governmental
approvals and permits during the development process and can also be impacted adversely by unforeseen health, safety and welfare
issues, which can further delay these projects or prevent their development. JBGL is also subject to a variety of local,
state, federal and other statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning the environment. The particular environmental laws
that apply to any given homebuilding site vary according to multiple factors, including the site’s location, its environmental
conditions and the present and former uses of the site, as well as adjoining properties. Environmental laws and conditions may
result in delays, may cause JBGL to incur substantial compliance and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict homebuilding
and land development activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. In addition, in those cases where an endangered or
threatened species is involved, environmental rules and regulations can result in the restriction or elimination of development
in identified environmentally sensitive areas. From time to time, the United States Environmental Protection Agency and similar
federal or state agencies review homebuilders’ compliance with environmental laws and may levy fines and penalties for failure
to comply strictly with applicable environmental laws or impose additional requirements for future compliance as a result of past
failures. Any such actions taken with respect to JBGL may increase its costs. Further, JBGL expects that increasingly stringent
requirements will be imposed on homebuilders and land developers in the future. Environmental regulations can also have an adverse
impact on the availability and price of certain raw materials such as lumber. Under various environmental laws, current
or former owners of real estate, as well as certain other categories of parties, may be required to investigate and clean up hazardous
or toxic substances or petroleum product releases, and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for related
damages, including for bodily injury, and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the
contamination. Please see the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 15. 92 Competition Competition in the
homebuilding industry is intense, and there are relatively low barriers to entry into our business. Homebuilders compete for,
among other things, homebuying customers, desirable land parcels, financing, raw materials and skilled labor. Increased
competition could hurt JBGL’s business, as it could prevent JBGL from acquiring attractive land parcels on which to
build homes or make such acquisitions more expensive, hinder JBGL’s market share expansion, and lead to pricing
pressures on its homes that may adversely impact its revenues and margins. If JBGL is unable to successfully
compete, its business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. JBGL’s competitors may independently develop land and construct housing units that are superior or
substantially similar to JBGL’s products. Furthermore, a number of JBGL’s primary competitors are significantly
larger, have a longer operating history and may have greater resources or lower cost of capital than JBGL; accordingly, they
may be able to compete more effectively in one or more of the markets in which JBGL operates. Many of these competitors also
have longstanding relationships with subcontractors and suppliers in the markets in which JBGL operates. JBGL also competes
for sales with individual resales of existing homes and with available rental housing. Employees As of March 31, 2014, JBGL had approximately
130 employees, including those of its builders. Although none of JBGL’s employees are covered by collective bargaining
agreements, certain of the subcontractors engaged by JBGL or its affiliates are represented by labor unions or are subject to collective
bargaining arrangements. JBGL believes that its relations with its employees and subcontractors are good. Legal Proceedings JBGL is not involved in any material litigation
nor, to its knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against JBGL. Offices JBGL’s principal executive offices
are located at 3131 Harvard Ave., Suite 104 Dallas, Texas 75205 and its main telephone number is (214) 453-0145. JBGL’s internet
website is http://jbgl-capital-lp.com. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, JBGL’s website is not
incorporated by reference and is not part of this prospectus. 93 Management Management of BioFuel Energy Corp. Directors and Executive Officers The table below sets forth the names and
ages (as of April 15, 2014) of our current directors and executive officers, as well as the positions and offices held by such
persons. A summary of the background and experience of each of these individuals is set forth after the table. Name Age Position Mark W. Wong 65 Chairman of the Board Scott H. Pearce 48 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Elizabeth K. Blake 62 Director David Einhorn 45 Director Richard I. Jaffee 56 Director John D. March 66 Director Ernest J. Sampias 63 Director Kelly G. Maguire 50 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Todd R. Gander 50 Vice President — Strategy and Business Development Mark L. Zoeller 54 Vice President — General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Mark W. Wong — Mr. Wong
has been one of our Directors since January 2008 and Chairman of the Board since March 2010. Mr. Wong was the Chief Executive Officer
of Renewable Agricultural Energy Corporation, a private ethanol production company, from 2006 to 2007. From 1999 to 2005, Mr. Wong
was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Emergent Genetics, an international seed company sold to Monsanto Company in 2005.
Prior to that time, Mr. Wong founded and managed a series of agricultural and biotechnology companies including Big Stone Partners,
Agracetus Corporation and Agrigenetics Corporation. Mr. Wong also worked as an engineer for FMC Corporation and Chemical Construction
Corporation. Mr. Wong received his Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Lehigh University and his M.B.A. from
the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. Scott H. Pearce — Mr. Pearce
is our President and Chief Executive Officer and a co-founder of BioFuel Energy Corp. He joined the Company in 2006 after co-founding
the predecessor company, Bio Fuel Solutions LLC, in 2004. Mr. Pearce has been developing and operating natural resource companies
for the past 20 years, with specific focus on leading renewable energy firms for the past ten years. Previously, he was President
and Chief Executive Officer of Poseidon Resources Corp., a water industry leader that developed large-scale desalination projects.
Mr. Pearce is a U.S. Army veteran of both the Panama and Desert Storm conflicts. He served in various leadership positions, including
duties as an attack helicopter pilot and commander, attaining the rank of captain. Mr. Pearce received a Bachelor of Science degree
in engineering from Auburn University and an M.B.A. from the MIT Sloan School of Management. 94 Elizabeth K. Blake — Ms. Blake
has been one of our Directors since September 2007. Since 2006, Ms. Blake has served as Senior Vice President — Advocacy,
Government Affairs & General Counsel of Habitat For Humanity International Inc., a non-profit organization that through local
partnerships seeks to build affordable housing for families in need in 74 countries around the world. Ms. Blake served on the Board
of Patina Oil & Gas Corporation from 1998 through its sale to Noble Energy in 2005. From March 2003 to 2005, Ms. Blake was
the Executive Vice President — Corporate Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for US Airways Group,
Inc. From April 2002 through December 2002, Ms. Blake served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Trizec Properties,
Inc., a public real estate investment trust. Ms. Blake served as Vice President and General Counsel of General Electric Power Systems
from 1998 to 2002. From 1996 to 1998, Ms. Blake served as Vice President and Chief of Staff of Cinergy Corp. Ms. Blake received
a Bachelor of Arts degree with