—Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and provisions of Delaware law may discourage or prevent certain strategic transactions, including a takeover of our company, even if such a transaction would be beneficial to our stockholders.” Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock The authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of NYSE. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Business Combinations We are governed by Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination transaction with an interested stockholder (a stockholder who purchases more than 15% of our common stock) for a period of three years after the interested stockholder became such unless the transaction fits within an applicable exemption, such as board approval of the business combination or the transaction that resulted in such stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions apply even if the business combination could be considered beneficial by some stockholders and may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. No Cumulative Voting Under Delaware law, the right to vote cumulatively does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation specifically authorizes cumulative voting. Our certificate of incorporation does not authorize cumulative voting. Therefore, stockholders holding a majority of the shares of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors will be able to elect all our directors. Special Stockholder Meetings Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of a majority of the directors or the chairman of the board of directors. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws prohibit the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting. These provisions may have the effect of deferring, delaying, or discouraging hostile takeovers, or changes in control or management of Guardian. 113 Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations Our bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and stockholders’ nomination of candidates for election as directors. In order for any matter to be “properly brought” before a meeting, a stockholder must comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder’s notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder’s notice. Our bylaws allow the chairman of the meeting at a meeting of the stockholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings that may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may also defer, delay, or discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or obtain control of Guardian. Stockholder Action by Written Consent Our certificate of incorporation provides that so long as we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Company, any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders may be effected by written consent. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, after we cease to be a “controlled company,” our stockholders may not take action by written consent but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. This provision may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholders without holding a meeting of stockholders. Dissenters’ Rights of Appraisal and Payment Under the DGCL, with certain exceptions, our stockholders will have appraisal rights in connection with a merger or consolidation of us. Pursuant to the DGCL, stockholders who properly request and perfect appraisal rights in connection with such merger or consolidation will have the right to receive payment of the fair value of their shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. Stockholders’ Derivative Actions Under the DGCL, any of our stockholders may bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, provided that the stockholder bringing the action is a holder of our shares at the time of the transaction to which the action relates or such stockholder’s stock thereafter devolved by operation of law. Choice of Forum Unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, or other employees to us or to our stockholders; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. In addition, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America is the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint 114 asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, we believe such forum selection provision would not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Officers and Directors The DGCL authorizes corporations to limit or eliminate the personal liability of directors and officers to corporations and their stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that eliminates the personal liability of directors and officers for monetary damages to the corporation or its stockholders for any breach of fiduciary duty or other act or omission as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL. The effect of these provisions is to eliminate the rights of us and our stockholders, through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director or officer for breach of fiduciary duty, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation does not apply to any breaches of the director’s or officer’s duty of loyalty, any acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or knowing violation of law, to any director for any authorization of dividends or stock redemptions or repurchases paid or made in violation of the DGCL, for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit, or to any officer in any action by or in the right of the corporation. Our bylaws generally provide that we must indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors’ and officers’ liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock is Computershare Trust Company. Listing Our Class A common stock is listed on NYSE under the symbol “GRDN.” 115 SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of our Class A common stock or the availability of shares of our Class A common stock for sale will have on the market price of our Class A common stock prevailing from time to time. The sale of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the anticipation that such sales could occur, could harm the prevailing market price of our Class A common stock. Upon consummation of this offering and the Synthetic Secondary, we will have outstanding 22,719,946 shares of Class A common stock and 40,566,696 shares of Class B common stock. The shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering 