” and the financial
statements and related notes and other information incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before making your investment decision. Entero Therapeutics, Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries are referred to herein as “Entero,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our,”
unless the context indicates otherwise. Overview We are engaged in the research
and development of targeted, non-systemic therapies for the treatment of patients with gastrointestinal (“GI”) diseases.
Non-systemic therapies are non-absorbable drugs that act locally, i.e., in the intestinal lumen, skin or mucosa, without reaching an
individual’s systemic circulation. In May 2024, we changed our name from First Wave Biopharma, Inc. to Entero Therapeutics, Inc. We are currently focused
on developing the biologic Adrulipase, a recombinant lipase enzyme designed to enable the digestion of fats and other nutrients in cystic
fibrosis and chronic pancreatitis patients with exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. Our prior programs consisted of Latiglutenase, a targeted
oral biotherapeutic for celiac disease designed to breakdown gluten into non-immunogenic peptides; Capeserod, a selective 5-HT4 receptor
partial agonist which was being developed as a gastroparesis therapeutic; and Niclosamide, an oral small molecule with anti-inflammatory
properties for patients with inflammatory bowel diseases such as ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease. We have determined to
discontinue the Latiglutenase, Capeserod and Niclosamide programs. In March 2024, we announced
the closing of a merger (the “Merger”) with ImmunogenX, Inc. (“IMGX”), a private, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company founded in 2013, which is developing the biologic Latiglutenase for the treatment of celiac disease. As a result of the Merger, IMGX
became a limited liability company and our wholly owned subsidiary ImmunogenX LLC. As consideration for the Merger we issued the former
shareholders of IMGX (a) 12,277 shares of common stock of the Company and (b) 11,777.418 shares of Series G Preferred
Stock. In addition, we assumed (i) all IMGX stock options immediately outstanding prior to the Merger, each becoming an option to
purchase Common Stock subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement (the “Assumed Options”) and (ii) all
IMGX warrants immediately outstanding prior to the Merger, each becoming a warrant to purchase Common Stock subject to adjustment pursuant
to the terms of the merger agreement (the “Assumed Warrants”). The Assumed Options are exercisable for an aggregate of 22,295
shares of Common Stock, have an exercise price of $2.43 and expire between February 1, 2031 and June 6, 2033. The Assumed Warrants
are exercisable for an aggregate of 14,187 shares of Common Stock, have exercise prices ranging from $9.06 to $11.76 and expire between
September 30, 2032 and September 6, 2033. Also in connection with the Merger we issued a consultant 6,158 shares of Common
Stock and 595.808 shares of Series G Preferred Stock. ImmunogenX, LLC is developing CypCel, a metabolic marker compound that
can measure the state of small-intestinal recovery of celiac patients undergoing gluten-free diets (“GFDs”). We have initiated
a plan to dispose of substantially all assets and liabilities of ImmunogenX, LLC, including Latiglutenase and CypCel. As of December 31,
2024, these were classified as assets and liabilities held for sale and due to the short period of time since the close of the Merger,
are reported at their fair value less cost to sell. We determined that the discontinued operations of IMGX represents a strategic shift
that will have a major effect on our operations and financial statements. 1 In
March 2025, we announced that we entered into a rescission agreement (the “Rescission Agreement”), by and among the
Company, ImmunogenX, LLC and the former shareholders of IMGX (the “IMGX Shareholders”). Under the terms of the Rescission
Agreement, the parties have amicably determined that it is in their collective best interest to: (i) rescind the issuances of the
shares of Common Stock and Series G Preferred Stock that the Company has issued to the IMGX Shareholders as part of the Merger,
(ii) convey to the IMGX Shareholders all of the issued and outstanding membership interests (the “Membership Interests”)
of ImmunogenX, LLC currently held by the Company, (iii) cancel the Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants, and (iv) provide for
such additional agreements as are set forth in the Rescission Agreement. Also as set forth in the Rescission Agreement, following the
closing, the Company will retain up to approximately $695,000 of ImmunogenX, LLC’s accounts payable (in addition to all accounts
payable not related to the ImmunogenX, LLC business), and ImmunogenX, LLC will remain responsible for approximately $2,436,338 of its unsecured debt. The accounts payable liability of ImmunogenX, LLC retained by the Company may be further reduced from the approximately
$695,000 as the Company has a right under the Rescission Agreement to negotiate the repayment of such accounts payable with the payees,
with sole discretion over determining the payment amounts and timing for such payments. After the transactions contemplated by the Rescission
Agreement have been consummated, ImmunogenX, LLC will no longer be a subsidiary of the Company, and the Company will no longer be
holding any interest in ImmunogenX, LLC. See “ Background to the Rescission Agreement ” and “ Reasons for Entry
into the Rescission Agreement ” below. The 6,158 shares of Common Stock and 595.808 shares of Series G Preferred Stock
issued by the Company to a consultant in connection with services relating to the Merger are not affected by the Rescission Agreement
as the Consultant was never a shareholder of IMGX and is not a party to the Rescission Agreement. Following consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the Rescission Agreement, our director and Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Jack Syage, as one of the IMGX Shareholders,
and his affiliated entities will own approximately 42% of the transferred membership interests of ImmunogenX, LLC. On
July 15, 2025, the Company, Immuno LLC and the IMGX Shareholders entered into an Amendment to the Rescission Agreement
whereby the parties agreed to add additional shareholder representations and warranties, including providing for an accredited investor
representation by each IMGX Shareholders. We have not yet filed a preliminary
proxy statement in relation to holding a shareholder meeting to obtain shareholder approval for the transfer of the Membership Interests
to the IMGX Shareholders. Under the terms of the Rescission Agreement, the Rescission Agreement may be terminated and the transactions
contemplated thereby may be abandoned by us or the representative of IMGX Shareholders if the transactions were not consummated by June 30,
2025, unless the Company and the representative of the IMGX Shareholders, who is our director Jack Syage, shall have consented to a subsequent
date. On June 30, 2025 the Company and the shareholder representative mutually agreed that the transactions contemplated by the
Rescission Agreement may be consummated on or prior to September 30, 2025. We expect that the transactions contemplated by the Rescission
Agreement will be consummated on or prior to September 30, 2025, subject to satisfaction of all conditions for closing, including
obtaining shareholder approval by the Company for the transfer of the Membership Interests to the IMGX Shareholders. If
we are unable to consummate the transactions contemplated under the Rescission Agreement, it may have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Specifically, in the event the transactions contemplated under the Rescission Agreement
do not close, as ImmunogenX, LLC’s holding company, we will be liable for the repayment of $2,436,338 of ImmunogenX, LLC’s unsecured debt as well as the additional approximately $46,000 of its accounts payable. Further, if the rescission is not consummated,
we may become subject to a potential new lawsuit filed by Mattress Liquidators, Inc. against ImmunogenX, LLC in the event that we
are unable to meet ImmunogenX LLC’s unsecured debt obligations. We may also be unable to effect a conversion of the Series G
Preferred Stock in cash. We have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows
from operations since inception. On June 30, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4,474, and a net loss of approximately
$2.3 million. We have incurred recurring losses, have experienced recurring negative operating cash flows, and require significant cash
resources to execute our business plans. In January 2025, we closed on a revolving loan agreement in the principal amount of $2.0
million. Based on cash on hand on August 18, 2025, the available loan proceeds and assuming successful financing efforts, which we
cannot guarantee, we anticipate having sufficient cash to fund planned operations through April 2026. Historically, our major sources
of cash have been comprised of proceeds from various public and private offerings of its capital stock. We are dependent on obtaining
additional working capital funding from the sale of equity and/or debt securities in order to continue to execute our development plans
and continue operations. 2 We have a history of net losses and may be unable to achieve or sustain
profitability in the future. We also received a going concern qualification in our audits for the financial years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $0.2 million and $3.7 million,
and an accumulated deficit of approximately $202.4 million and $184.3 million, respectively. During the years ended December 31,
2024 and 2023, we incurred net losses of approximately $18.1 million and $15.8 million, respectively. We do not know if our bu