—Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” Patents and Patent Applications As of September 30, 2019, our owned and currently pending and/or in-force patent portfolio consisted of approximately 15 issued U.S.
patents, six pending U.S. patent applications, 69 issued foreign patents including seven issued European patents that have been validated in many European countries, and 63 pending foreign applications. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term for patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which
we file, including the United States, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest filing date of a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, a patent’s term may be lengthened by patent
term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the USPTO, in examining and granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier expiring patent. In some instances, such a patent term
adjustment may result in the term of a United States patent extending beyond 20 years from the earliest filing date of a non-provisional patent application. In the United States, the term of a patent that
covers a drug product may also be eligible for patent term extension when regulatory approval is granted, provided the legal requirements are met. This permits patent term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA
regulatory review process. The Hatch-Waxman Act 121 Table of Contents permits a patent term extension of up to a maximum of five years beyond the expiration of the patent if the patent is eligible for such an extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The length of the
patent term extension is related to the length of time the drug is under regulatory review; however, it cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval. Only one patent applicable to an
approved drug may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and certain other jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. In the future, if and when our drug candidates receive approval by the FDA or
foreign regulatory authorities, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on issued patents covering those drugs, depending upon the length of the clinical trials for each drug and other factors. The two most advanced product candidates in our portfolio, GC4419 and GC4711, are protected by issued patents with claims directed to
composition of matter and method of use. GC4419 is covered by a composition of matter patent in the United States that has a natural expiration date in 2022. However, we believe GC4419 may be eligible for a patent term extension under the
Hatch-Waxman Act of no more than four and a half years which, if granted, could result in an expiration date in 2027. GC4711 is covered by a composition of matter patent in the United States, which also covers oral viability of the product
candidate, and has a natural expiration date in 2036. However, we believe GC4711 may be eligible for a patent term extension of at least about two years which, if granted, could result in an expiration date in 2038. The U.S. patent family covering
the method of treating OM has a natural expiration date in late 2027, and if we are successful in obtaining a patent term extension of approximately two and a half years which we believe should be available, could result in an expiration date in
early 2030. The U.S. patent family covering treating tissue damage resulting from radiation therapy, chemotherapy or a combination thereof by administering a high dose of GC4419 has a natural expiration date in 2032. When including patent term
extensions, our product candidate portfolio is projected to expire between 2027 and 2038 in the United States. However, there can be no
assurance that any of our pending patent applications will issue or that we will benefit from any patent term extension or favorable adjustment to the term of any of our patents. The applicable authorities, including the FDA in the United States,
may not agree with our assessment of whether such patent term extensions should be granted, and if granted, they may grant more limited extensions than we request. We also have pending patent families in the United States that cover certain combinations of our product candidates with several oncology
products that may provide protection for the use of our product candidates in connection with those oncology products, which, if granted, are projected to expire between 2037 and 2039. Trademarks and Trade Secrets As
of September 30, 2019, our trademark portfolio contained two U.S. trademark registrations, for GALERA and GALERA THERAPEUTICS. Furthermore, we rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our commercial
partners, collaborators, employees, and consultants. These agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of the invention assignment agreements, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a
relationship with an employee or a third party. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To
the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, employees, and consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. Royalty Agreement with Clarus In November 2018, we entered into an Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, or the Royalty Agreement, by and among us, Clarus IV
Galera Royalty AIV, L.P., Clarus IV-A, L.P., Clarus IV-B, 122 Table of Contents L.P., Clarus IV-C, L.P. and Clarus IV-D, L.P., or, collectively, Clarus. Pursuant to the Royalty Agreement, Clarus
agreed to pay us, in the aggregate, up to $80 million, or the Royalty Purchase Price, in four tranches of $20 million each upon the achievement of specified clinical milestones in our ROMAN Trial. We agreed to apply the proceeds from such
payments primarily to support clinical development and regulatory activities for GC4419, GC4711 and any pharmaceutical product comprising or containing GC4419 or GC4711, or, collectively, the Products, as well as to satisfy working capital
obligations and for general corporate expenses. We achieved the first milestone under the Royalty Agreement and received the first tranche of the Royalty Purchase Price in November 2018 and received the second tranche of the Royalty Purchase Price
in April 2019 in connection with the achievement of the second milestone under the Royalty Agreement in March 2019. In connection with
the payment of each tranche of the Royalty Purchase Price, we have agreed to sell, convey, transfer and assign to Clarus all of our right, title and interest in a mid-single digit percentage of (i) the
gross amount from the worldwide sale of the Products less certain items, including refunds, allowances, credits for recalls, customary discounts for purchase chargebacks, taxes in connection with transportation and/or delivery of Products,
income-based taxes, customary distributor fees and commissions and customary distribution and transportation charges, and (ii) all recoveries, consideration, compensation, payments, collections, settlements and other amounts (including damages,
awards, interest and penalties) of any kind or nature actually received by us or our affiliates, licensees and sublicensees in substitution or compensation for, or otherwise in lieu of, any net sales of the Products arising out of or resulting from
any proceeding brought, or assertion made, by us against any third party relating to or arising out of any infringement, misuse or misappropriation by such third party of our intellectual property rights in the Products, less all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by us or our affiliates, licensees and sublicensees in connection with such enforcement action, or, collectively, the Product
Payments, during the Royalty Period. The Royalty Period means, on a Product-by-Product and country-by-country basis, the period of time commencing on the commercial launch of such Product in such country and ending on the latest to occur of (i) the 12th
anniversary of such commercial launch, (ii) the expiration of all valid claims of our patents covering such Product in such country, and (iii) the expiration of regulatory data protection or market exclusivity or similar regulatory
protection afforded by the health authorities in such country, to the extent such protection or exclusivity effectively prevents generic versions of such product from entering the market in such country. If Clarus fails to fund the full amount of any remaining tranche of the Royalty Purchase Price within two business days of the conditions to
the payment of such tranche having been satisfied, we may terminate our obligation to accept such tranche and any additional remaining tranches. In such event, Clarus’s aggregate right, title and interest in the Product Payments shall be
reduced to a low single-digit percentage. Under the Royalty Agreement, if we commercialize our product candidates, we must establish a
trained sales force sufficiently in advance of the anticipated commercial launch of our products. Along with other conditions, we may not grant any exclusive right or license under our patents and know-how related to our product candidates to any third party without the prior written consent of Clarus. In addition, we may not enter into any out-license that would expressly allow a third party to use our
int