beginning on page 4. Termination of the Offering The offering will be open for 180 days. RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our common stock is highly speculative, involves a high degree of risk, and should be made only by investors who
can afford a complete loss. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, together with the other information in this
prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes, before you decide to buy our common stock. Our most significant
risks and uncertainties are described below; however, they are not the only risks we face. If any of the following risks actually
occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the trading of our
common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment therein. Risks
Relating to the Early Stage of our Company We
are at a very early operational stage and our success is subject to the substantial risks inherent in the establishment of a new
business venture. The
implementation of our business strategy is in a very early stage. Our business and operations should be considered to be in a
very early stage and subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business venture. Accordingly, our intended
business and operations may not prove to be successful in the near future, if at all. Any future success that we might enjoy will
depend upon many factors, several of which may be beyond our control, or which cannot be predicted at this time, and which could
have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, business prospects and operations and the value of an investment
in our company. We
have a very limited operating history and our business plan is unproven and may not be successful. Our
company was formed in April 2013 but we have not yet begun full scale operations. We have not proven that our business model will
allow us to generate a profit. 6 We
have suffered operating losses since inception and we may not be able to achieve profitability. We
had an accumulated deficit of $6,500 as of May 31, 2013. We are sustaining substantial operating and net losses, and it is possible
that we will never be able to sustain or develop the revenue levels necessary to attain profitability. We
may have difficulty raising additional capital, which could deprive us of necessary resources. In
order to support the initiatives envisioned in our business plan, we will need to raise additional funds through public or private
debt or equity financing, collaborative relationships or other arrangements. Our ability to raise additional financing depends
on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market price of our common stock and the development
or prospects for development of competitive technology by others. Because our common stock is not listed on a major stock market,
many investors may not be willing or allowed to purchase it or may demand steep discounts. Sufficient additional financing may
not be available to us or may be available only on terms that would result in further dilution to the current owners of our common
stock. If
we are unsuccessful in raising additional capital, or the terms of raising such capital are unacceptable, we may have to modify
our business plan and/or significantly curtail our planned activities and other operations. Failure
to effectively manage our growth could place strains on our managerial, operational and financial resources and could adversely
affect our business and operating results. Our
growth has placed, and is expected to continue to place, a strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. Any
further growth by us or an increase in the number of our strategic relationships will increase this strain on our managerial,
operational and financial resources. This strain may inhibit our ability to achieve the rapid execution necessary to implement
our business plan, and could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, business prospects and operations and
the value of an investment in our company. Risks
Relating to Our Business We
have limited sales and marketing experience, which increases the risk that our business will fail. Our
officers, who will be responsible for marketing our app to potential users, have no experience in the social media or internet
industries, and have only nominal sales and marketing experience. Further, we have budgeted only $10,000 toward sales and marketing
efforts over the next 12 months, which by industry standards is a very limited amount of capital with which to launch our effort.
Given the relatively small marketing budget and limited experience of our officers, there can be no assurance that such efforts
will be successful. Further, if our initial efforts to create a market for our website are not successful, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to attract and retain qualified individuals with marketing and sales expertise to attract subscribers to
our apps. Our future success will depend, among other factors, upon whether our services can be sold at a profitable price and
the extent to which consumers acquire, adopt, and continue to use them. There can be no assurance that our website will gain wide
acceptance in its targeted markets or that we will be able to effectively market our services. We
may not be able to execute our business plan or stay in business without additional funding. Our
ability to generate future operating revenues depends in part on whether we can obtain the financing necessary to implement our
business plan.  We will likely require additional financing through the issuance of debt and/or equity in order to establish
profitable operations, and such financing may not be forthcoming. As widely reported, the global and domestic financial markets
have been extremely volatile in recent months.  If such conditions and constraints continue or if there is no investor
appetite to finance our specific business, we may not be able to acquire additional financing through credit markets or equity
markets. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be available on terms favorable to us. At this time, we have not
identified or secured sources of additional financing.  Our failure to secure additional financing when it becomes required
will have an adverse effect on our ability to remain in business. 7 If
our estimates related to future expenditures are erroneous or inaccurate, our business will fail and you could lose your entire
investment. Our
success is dependent in part upon the accuracy of our management’s estimates of our future cost expenditures for legal and
accounting services (including those we expect to incur as a publicly reporting company), for app marketing and development expenses,
and for administrative expenses, which management estimates to be approximately between $25,000 and $45,000 over the next twelve
months. If such estimates are erroneous or inaccurate, or if we encounter unforeseen costs, we may not be able to carry out our
business plan, which could result in the failure of our business and the loss of your entire investment. Our
auditor has raised substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern and if we are unable to continue our business,
our shares may have little or no value. The
company’s ability to become a profitable operating company is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues and/or obtain
financing adequate to fulfill its research and market introduction activities, and achieving a level of revenues adequate to support
our cost structure has raised substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. We plan to attempt to raise
additional equity capital by selling shares in this offering and, if necessary, through one or more private placement or public
offerings. However, the doubts raised, relating to our ability to continue as a going concern, may make our shares an unattractive
investment for potential investors. These factors, among others, may make it difficult to raise any additional capital. We
will need to achieve commercial acceptance of our applications to generate revenues and achieve profitability. Even
if our development yields technologically superior apps, we may not successfully develop commercial apps, and even if we do, we
may not do so on a timely basis. We cannot predict when significant commercial market acceptance for our apps and the affiliated
products sold thereon will develop, if at all, and we cannot reliably estimate the projected size of any such potential market.
If markets fail to accept our apps and related products, we may not be able to generate revenues from the commercial application
of our technologies. Our revenue growth and achievement of profitability will depend substantially on our ability to introduce
new products that are accepted by customers. If we are unable to cost-effectively achieve acceptance of our sites by customers,
or if the associated products do not achieve wide market acceptance, our business will be materially and adversely affected. Any
significant disruption in our web presence or services could result in a loss of customers. Our
plans call for our customers to access our apps through our website. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our
customers will be dependent upon the reliable performance of our website, network infrastructure and fulfillment processes (how
we deliver services purchased by our customers). Prolonged or frequent interruptions in any of these systems could make our app
unavailable or unusable, which could diminish the overall attractiveness of our subscription service to existing and potential
customers. Our
servers will likely be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead
to interruptions and delays in our service and operations a