: An
    investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk and could result in a loss of your entire investment. Prior to making
    an investment decision, you should carefully consider all of the information in this prospectus and, in particular, you should evaluate
    the risk factors set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6. Symbol
    on Nasdaq: GWAV 5 Assumptions
Used Throughout This Prospectus Unless
otherwise stated in this prospectus, the number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 10,962,319
shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 30, 2022. Unless
otherwise stated in this prospectus, the number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering excludes the following
other securities that may be issuable in the future: ● 7,063,005 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise
    of outstanding warrants at a weighted average exercise price of $5.73 per share; ● 92,166 shares of common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options; and ● 567,300
    shares of common stock available for future issuance under our Equity Incentive Plans. RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. The risks described below include all material risks to our company or
to investors in this offering that are known to our company. You should carefully consider such risks before participating in this offering.
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed.
As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might lose all or part of your investment. When determining
whether to buy our common stock, you should also refer to the other information in this prospectus, including our financial statements
and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. Risk
Factors Summary Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry ● The
    coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
    financial condition and cash flows. Future epidemics or other public health emergencies could have similar effects. ● We
    operate in industries that are cyclical and sensitive to general economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect
    on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. ● Changing
    conditions in global markets including the impact of sanctions and tariffs, quotas and other trade actions and import restrictions
    may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. ● Changes
    in the availability or price of inputs such as raw materials and end-of-life vehicles could reduce our sales. ● Significant
    decreases in scrap metal prices may adversely impact our operating results. ● Imbalances
    in supply and demand conditions in the global steel industry may reduce demand for our products. ● Impairment
    of long-lived assets and equity investments may adversely affect our operating results. ● We
    may be unable to renew facility leases, thus restricting our ability to operate. ● Increases
    in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies may reduce the demand for our products. 6 ● Equipment
    upgrades, equipment failures and facility damage may lead to production curtailments or shutdowns. ● We
    are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks that may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations
    and liquidity. ● Climate
    change may adversely impact our facilities and our ongoing operations. ● Catastrophic
    events may disrupt our business and impair our ability to provide our platform to clients and consumers, resulting in costs for remediation,
    client and consumer dissatisfaction, and other business or financial losses. ● We
    depend on a small number of suppliers for the materials necessary to run our business. The loss of these suppliers, or their failure
    to supply us with these materials, would materially and adversely affect our business. ● We
    have substantial customer concentration, with a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our 2021 and
    2020 revenues. ● We
    have a limited history upon which an evaluation of our prospects and future performance can be made and have no history of profitable
    operations. ● We
    are highly dependent on the services of key executives, the loss of whom could materially harm our business and our strategic direction.
    If we lose key management or significant personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other personnel or
    experience increases in our compensation costs, our business may materially suffer. ● We
    may need to obtain additional financing to fund our operations. ● Our
    independent registered accounting firm has expressed concerns about our ability to continue as a going concern. ● In
    the past we have experienced material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which if continued, could impair
    our financial condition. Risks
Relating to Government Laws and Regulations ● Tax
    increases and changes in tax rules may adversely affect our financial results. ● We
    may not realize our deferred tax assets in the future. ● Environmental
    compliance costs and potential environmental liabilities may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
    of operations. ● Governmental
    agencies may refuse to grant or renew our licenses and permits, thus restricting our ability to operate. ● Compliance
    with existing and future climate change and greenhouse gas emission laws and regulations may adversely impact our operating results. 7 Risks
Relating to Intellectual Property ● We
    may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. ● We
    may be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming and unsuccessful
    and the outcome might have an adverse effect on the success of our business. ● We
    may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that our employees or we have misappropriated their intellectual property or
    claiming ownership of what we regard as our own intellectual property. Risks
Related to our Common Stock ● The
    market price of our common stock may be volatile and adversely affected by several factors. ● If
    our shares of common stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. ● We
    are a “smaller reporting company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we decide to take advantage of certain
    exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, our common stock could be less attractive
    to investors. ● We
    do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock, and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment. ● You
    could lose some or all of your investment. ● Our
    management controls a large block of our common stock that will allow them to control us. ● Because
    we can issue additional shares of Common Stock, purchasers of our Common Stock may incur immediate dilution and experience further
    dilution. ● Provisions
    in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a
    change in control of our Company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our Common Stock. ● If
    securities or industry research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable or misleading
    opinions regarding common stock, the market price and trading volume of our Common Stock could decline. ● Future
    sales and issuances of our Common Stock or rights to purchase our Common Stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans,
    could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. ● We
    have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from our public offerings and may not use them effectively. ● Our
    disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 8 Risks
Relating to Our Business and Industry The
coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. Future epidemics or other public health emergencies could have similar effects. Our
operations expose us to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic
which spread to many other countries including the United States. In March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19
as a pandemic, and the President of the United States declared the COVID-19 outbreak a national emergency. The outbreak resulted in governments
around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, followed by phased regulations and guidelines
for reopening communities and economies. In addition, governments and central banks in several parts of the world have enacted fiscal
and monetary stimulus measures to counteract the impacts of COVID-19. We
are a company operating in a critical infrastructure industry, as defined by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Consistent with
federal guidelines and with state and local orders to date, we have continued to operate across our footprint. Notwithstanding our continued
operations, COVID-19 has negatively impacted and may have further negative impacts on our financial performance, operations, supply chain
and flows of raw materials, transportation and logistics ne