An investment in our common stock involves
a number of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following known material risks and uncertainties in addition
to other information in this prospectus in evaluating our company and its business before purchasing shares of our company’s
common stock. You could lose all or part of your investment due to any of these risks. RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY Our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our audited financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2019 were prepared assuming that we will continue our operations as a going concern. We were incorporated on
August 20, 2019 and do not have a history of earnings. As a result, our independent accountants in their audit report have expressed
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Continued operations are dependent on our ability to complete
equity or debt financings or generate profitable operations. Such financings may not be available or may not be available on reasonable
terms. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The proceeds of this offering, if any, may
not be sufficient to fund planned operations and may not even cover the costs of the offering and you may lose your entire investment. We are offering a maximum of 1,600,000 shares
of our common stock at $0.05 per share, however there is no minimum to our offering. Funds we raise in this offering, if any, may
not be sufficient to fund our planned operations and may not even cover the costs of this offering. If we are not able to raise
any funds in this offering, our company will be in a worse financial position then prior to commencement of the offering as we
will still incur the costs of this offering. If we do not raise sufficient funds in this offering to fund our operations or even
cover the costs of this offering, you may lose your entire investment. There is uncertainty regarding our ability
to continue as a going concern, indicating the possibility that we may be required to curtail or discontinue our operations in
the future. If we discontinue our operations, you may lose all of your investment. We have incurred net losses of $2,311 from
our inception on August 20, 2019 to December 31, 2019 and have completed only the preliminary stages of our business plan. We anticipate
incurring additional losses before realizing any revenues and will depend on additional financing in order to meet our continuing
obligations and ultimately, to attain profitability. We anticipate that our current cash assets will be extinguished by December
31, 2020. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our ability to continue
our business. If we are unable to obtain additional financing from outside sources and eventually produce enough revenues, we may
be forced to sell our assets, or curtail or discontinue our operations. If this happens, you could lose all or part of your investment. We are in an early stage of development.
If we are not able to develop out business as anticipated, we may not be able to generate revenues or achieve profitability and
you may lose your investment. We were incorporated on August 20, 2019. We
have no products ready to sell, and we have not earned any revenues to date. Our business prospects are difficult to predict because
of our limited operating history, early stage of development, and unproven business strategy. Our primary business activities will
be focused on the development of our nutraceutical and dietary supplements business . Although
we believe that our business plan has significant profit potential, we may not attain profitable operations and our management
may not succeed in realizing our business objectives. If we are not able to develop out business as anticipated, we may not be
able to generate revenues or achieve profitability and you may lose your investment. - 6 - Table of Contents We expect to suffer losses in the immediate future that
may cause us to curtail or discontinue our operations. We expect to incur operating losses in future
periods. These losses will occur because we do not yet have any revenues to offset the expenses associated with the development
of our nutraceutical and dietary supplements business , generally. We cannot guarantee that we
will ever be successful in generating revenues in the future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate revenues, we will
not be able to earn profits or continue operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood
that we will prove successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any operating revenues or ever
achieve profitable operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will almost certainly fail. We may not be able to execute our business
plan or stay in business without additional funding. Our ability to generate future operating revenues
depends in part on whether we can obtain the financing necessary to implement our business plan. We will likely require additional
financing through the issuance of debt and/or equity in order to establish profitable operations, and such financing may not be
forthcoming. As widely reported, the global and domestic financial markets have been extremely volatile in recent months. If such
conditions and constraints continue or if there is no investor appetite to finance our specific business, we may not be able to
acquire additional financing through credit markets or equity markets. Even if additional financing is available, it may not be
available on terms favorable to us. At this time, we have not identified or secured sources of additional financing. Our failure
to secure additional financing when it becomes required will have an adverse effect on our ability to remain in business. The nutraceutical
and dietary supplements industry is extremely competitive, and if we are not able to compete successfully against other nutraceutical and dietary supplements producers , we will not be able operate our business and
investors will lose their entire investment. The nutraceutical
and dietary supplements i ndustry is extremely competitive and rapidly changing. We currently and in the future face competitive
pressures from numerous actual and potential competitors. Many of our current and potential competitors in the nutraceutical
and dietary supplements business have substantial competitive advantages than we have, including: longer operating histories; significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources; greater brand name recognition; existing customer bases; and commercially accepted products. Our competitors may be able to respond more
quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in the nutraceutical and dietary supplements industry and devote greater resources to identify, develop and market new products, and distribute and sell their products than
we can. The loss of the services of Shuang Liu,
our President and Chairman, or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability
to develop our website and sell our products. The development of our nutraceutical
and dietary supplements business and the marketing of our prospective products will continue to place a significant strain
on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive
officers who are developing our business, and on our ability to identify and retain competent consultants and employees with the
skills required to execute our business objectives. The loss of the services of Shuang Liu or our failure to timely identify and
retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop our website and sell our services, which could adversely
affect our financial results and impair our growth. - 7 - Table of Contents We are a development stage, nutraceutical
and dietary supplements company , with no experience in the market, and failure to successfully compensate for this inexperience
may adversely impact our operations and financial position. We operate as development stage, nutraceutical
and dietary supplements company, with few substantial tangible assets in a highly competitive industry. We have little operating
history, no customer base and little revenue to date. This makes it difficult to evaluate our future performance and prospects.
Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, delays and difficulties frequently encountered in establishing
a new business in an emerging and evolving industry characterized by intense competition, including: our business model and strategy are still evolving and are continually
being reviewed and revised; we may not be able to raise the capital required to develop our initial
customer base and reputation; we may not be able to successfully implement our business model and
strategy; and our management consists of one person, Shuang Liu, our President and
Chairman. We cannot be sure that we will be successful
in meeting these challenges and addressing these risks and uncertainties. If we are unable to do so, our business will not be successful
and the value of your investment in our company will decline. Our failure to protect our intellectual property and proprietary
technology may significantly impair our competitive advantage. Our success and ability to compete depend in
large part upon protecting our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark and trade secret protection,
nondisclosure and nonuse agreements to protect our proprietary rights. The steps we have taken may not be sufficient to prevent
the misappropriation of our intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect