See “Risk
    Factors” beginning on page 4 of this prospectus, as well as other information included in this prospectus, for a discussion of
    factors you should read and consider carefully before investing in our securities. Nasdaq Capital Markets symbol Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Markets under the symbol “GXAI”. There is no established trading market for the Warrants and we do not expect a trading market to develop. We do not intend to list the Common Warrants on any securities exchange or other trading market. Without a trading market, the liquidity of the Warrants will be extremely limited. The number of shares of our
Common Stock to be outstanding after this offering as shown above is based on 6,923,453 shares outstanding as of January 17, 2025 and
excludes as of that date: ● 1,503,617
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with a weighted average exercise price of $3.19; ● 64,084
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options with a weighted average exercise price of $31.35; ● 239,553 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our
2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 3 RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. This prospectus contains a discussion of the risks applicable to an investment in our securities. Prior
to deciding about investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the specific factors discussed within this prospectus. The
risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our operations. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown risks might cause
you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a limited operating history and,
therefore, cannot accurately project our revenues and operating expenses. Because we have a limited history, it is difficult
to evaluate our proposed business and future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. For example, we intend
to launch our Platform. There is no guarantee that the Platform will be launched or that expenditures will result in profit or growth
of our business. Our limited operating experience, combined with the rapidly evolving nature of the NFT market in which we intend to operate,
substantial uncertainty concerning how this market may develop, and other economic factors beyond our control reduce our ability to accurately
forecast quarterly or annual revenue. Failure to manage our current and future growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our
business, operating results, and financial condition. Our business should be considered in light of the risks, expenses, and difficulties
that we have encountered to date and will continue to encounter. We have not developed a strong customer
base, and we have not generated sustainable revenue since inception. We cannot assure you that we ever will. We will incur significant
losses in launching products and we may not realize sufficient subscriptions or profits in order to sustain our business. We have not yet developed a strong customer base
and we have not generated sustainable revenue since inception. We are subject to the substantial risk of failure facing businesses seeking
to develop and commercialize new products and technologies. Maintaining and improving our Platform will require significant capital. We
will also incur substantial accounting, legal, and other overhead costs as a public company. If our offerings to customers are unsuccessful,
result in insufficient revenue, or result in us not being able to sustain revenue, we will be forced to reduce expenses, which may result
in an inability to gain new customers. We may encounter numerous difficulties frequently
encountered by companies in the early stage of operations. We have a limited operating history upon which
any investor may evaluate our current business and future prospects. Any potential investor must consider the risks and difficulties frequently
encountered by early-stage companies. Historically, there has been a high failure rate among early-stage companies. Our future
performance will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to: ● implement
our growth strategy; ● aggressively
counter and respond to actions by our competitors; ● pursue
new users and maintain relationship with current users; ● maintain
adequate control of our expenses; ● attract,
retain and motivate qualified personnel; ● react
to user preferences and demands; ● our
ability to successfully implement, launch, and achieve market acceptance of our NFT products and to anticipate and manage the risks associated
therewith; and ● regulatory
compliance. We cannot assure investors that we will successfully
address any of these factors, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and future prospects. 4 We may be unable to manage our growth or
implement our expansion strategy. We may not be able to develop our product or implement
the other features of our business strategy at the rate or to the extent presently planned. Our projected growth will place a significant
strain on our administrative, operational, and financial resources. If we are unable to successfully manage our future growth, establish
and continue to upgrade our operating and financial control systems, recruit and hire necessary personnel, or effectively manage unexpected
expansion difficulties, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We will need additional debt or equity financing
in the future. While we expect to be able to generate operating
revenues from the sale of our video digital products, our operating revenues will not be sufficient to finance our operations including
our marketing efforts. Accordingly, we will need to obtain additional financing to operate and fully implement our business plan and aggressive
growth strategy. There can be no assurance that any additional financing will be available to us or, if available, that such financing
will be on terms acceptable to us. If we obtain additional financing through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, it
may be significantly dilutive to our shareholders and such additional equity or convertible debt securities may have rights, preferences,
or privileges senior to those of our Common Stock. In addition, our ability to issue debt securities or to service any debt may also be
limited by our inability to generate consistent cash flow. If additional financing is not available on acceptable terms, we may not be
able to fund our on-going operations or any future expansion of our business, develop or enhance our products or services, or respond
effectively to competitive pressures. The inability to raise additional capital in the future may force us to curtail future business
opportunities or cease operations entirely. If we are unable to obtain additional funding
when needed, our business operations will be harmed, and if we do obtain additional financing, our then-existing shareholders
may suffer substantial dilution. As we take steps in the commercialization and
marketing of our technologies, or respond to potential opportunities and/or adverse events, our working capital needs may change. We anticipate
that if our cash and cash equivalents are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we will require additional funding to sustain
our ongoing operations and to continue our research and development activities. We do not have any contracts or commitments for additional
funding, and there can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all, if needed.
The inability to obtain additional capital will restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to conduct business operations.
If we are unable to obtain additional financing to finance a revised growth plan, we will likely be required to curtail such plans or
cease our business operations. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing shareholders. We are dependent on the services of certain
key management personnel, employees, and advisors. If we are unable to retain or motivate such individuals or hire qualified personnel,
we may not be able to grow effectively. We depend on the services of a number of key management
personnel, employees, and advisors and our future performance will largely depend on the talents and efforts of such individuals. We do
not currently maintain “key person” life insurance on any of our employees. The loss of one or more of such key individuals,
or failure to find a suitable successor, could hamper our efforts to successfully operate our business and achieve our business objectives.
Our future success will also depend on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition
in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees
and/or retaining and motivating our existing employees. Future acquisitions by us may also cause uncertainty among our current employees
and employees of the acquired entity, which could lead to the departure of key individuals. Such departures could have an adverse impact
on the anticipated benefits of an acquisition. 5 We may continue to incur substantial losses
and negative operating cash flows and may not achieve or maintain positive cash flow or profitability in the future. We have incurred significant losses and negative
operating cash flow from inception and may continue to incur significant losses and negative operating cash flow into the future. In order
to reach our business growth objectives,