You should carefully read and consider the information set forth under “Risk Factors” on page 12 of this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein before deciding to invest in our securities. Nasdaq Capital Market common stock symbol CBIO No listing of Series A Preferred Stock or warrants We do not intend to apply for listing of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock or warrants on any securities exchange or trading system. 10 Table of Contents The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering in the table above is based on
801,756 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and excludes: • Shares of our common stock that may be issued upon conversion of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and exercise of warrants issued in this offering; • 140,990 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of $128.25 per share and 85,849 additional shares of common stock reserved for
issuance under our stock option plan; • 12,039 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants outstanding at a weighted exercise price of $145.50 per share; and • 140,743 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of outstanding redeemable convertible notes at a rate of $137.85 per share. Unless otherwise indicated, all information contained in this prospectus assumes no exercise by the underwriter of its overallotment option. 11 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as updated by any other document that we subsequently file with the Securities and Exchange Commission and that is incorporated by reference into this prospectus, the
risks described below and all of the other information contained in this prospectus and incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including our financial statements and related notes, before investing in our securities. If any of the possible
events described in those sections or below actually occur, our business, business prospects, cash flow, results of operations or financial condition could be harmed. In this case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you might
lose all or part of your investment. The following is a discussion of the risk factors that we believe are material to us at this time. These
risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing us and there may be additional matters that we are unaware of or that we currently consider immaterial. All of these could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows. Risks related to our financial condition and capital requirements We have incurred significant losses since our inception, and are expected to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company, and we have not yet generated significant revenues. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception
in August 2002, including net losses of $16.9 million and $14.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $148.0 million. We are still in the early stages of development of our product candidates, and have no products approved for commercial sale. To date, we have financed our
operations primarily from private placements of convertible preferred stock, payments under collaboration agreements, and to a lesser extent through issuances of shares of common stock. We have devoted most of our financial resources to research and development, including our preclinical development activities. We expect to continue to incur
significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Our operating losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. We are expected to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating
losses for at least the next several years, and our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: • continue clinical development of marzeptacog alfa (activated) (formerly CB 813d); • continue preclinical and clinical development of CB 2679d/ISU304; • further develop the manufacturing process for our product candidates; • attract and retain skilled personnel; • seek regulatory and marketing approvals for any of our product candidates that successfully complete clinical studies; • establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; • seek to identify and validate additional product candidates; • acquire or in-licenses other product candidates and technologies; • make milestone or other payments under collaboration agreements, or any in-license agreements; • maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio; 12 Table of Contents • create additional infrastructure to support operations as a public company and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; and • experience any delays or other issues with any of the above. In addition, in connection with the license
granted to us by Pfizer, we agreed to make contingent cash payments to Pfizer in an aggregate amount equal to up to $17.5 million, payable upon the achievement of clinical, regulatory and commercial milestones, the timing of which is uncertain.
Following commercialization of any of Factor VIIa products, Pfizer would also receive a single-digit royalty on net product sales on a country-by-country basis for a
predefined royalty term. See “Business Overview—Factor VIIa” in this prospectus. Further, in connection with an initial statement of work
under the Development and Manufacturing Agreement that we have entered into with CMC ICOS Biologics, Inc. (“CMC”), we have agreed to a total of $3.8 million in payments to CMC, subject to the completion of work relating to the
manufacturing development of marzeptacog alfa (activated). See “Item 1—Business—Collaborations” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing products that generate significant revenue. This will require us
to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for these product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling any
products for which regulatory approval is obtained. We are only in the preliminary stages of most of these activities. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve
profitability. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict
the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Failure to become and
remain profitable would depress the value of the company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain research and development efforts, diversify product offerings or even continue operations. A decline in the value
of the Company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. We will continue to need additional capital in the future. If we are
unable to raise sufficient capital in the future, we will be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate product development programs. Developing
pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is expensive. We expect our research and development expenses to increase with our ongoing activities, particularly activities related to the continued clinical
development of marzeptacog alfa (activated), including a clinical efficacy trial and, if Phase 1 clinical trials of CB 2679d/ISU304 are successful, an efficacy trial for that compound. Until we can generate a sufficient revenue from our product
candidates, if ever, we expect to finance future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, corporate collaborations and/or licensing arrangements. Additional funds may not be available when we need them on terms that
are acceptable, or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs. In August 2015, we issued $37.0 million in aggregate principal amount of redeemable convertible notes to former Targacept stockholders as part of a
dividend immediately prior to the completion of the merger (the “Pre-Closing Dividend”), with an amount equal to the total principal deposited in an escrow account for the benefit of the noteholders.
The notes may be redeemed for cash or repaid upon maturity, holders may also elect to convert any principal amount of the notes into shares of common stock at a price of $137.85 per share on or before February 19, 2018. As of December 31,
2016, $17.3 million in aggregate principal has been redeemed and $0.3 million had been converted to common stock. Except for this arrangement, we have no commitments or 13 Table of Contents arrangements for any additional financing to fund our research and development programs. There can be no assurance regarding the amount of the notes that will be redeemed or the portion of the
remaining $19.4 million in capital that will become available to us. We believe that our current available cash, together with the proceeds from
this offering will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least 18 months. However, we will need to raise substantial additional capital to complete 