—Risks Related to Our
Business.” Consumer demand and global economic conditions .    Consumer demand for our products and services is
closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Declines in consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns,
lower consumer confidence and adverse political conditions can lower the revenues and profitability of our owned operations and the amount of management and franchising fee revenues we are able to generate from our managed and franchised properties.
Also, declines in hotel profitability during an economic downturn directly impact the incentive portion of our management fees, which is based on hotel profit measures. Our vacation ownership business is also linked to cycles in the general economy
and consumer discretionary spending. As a result, changes in consumer demand and general business cycles can subject and have subjected our revenues to significant volatility. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Hospitality
Industry.” During the second half of 2008 and the first half of 2009, the ongoing global economic recession and its negative effect on demand
by transient business and leisure travelers and associations and other group customers depressed demand throughout the hospitality industry. These conditions resulted in a decline in RevPAR for the fourth quarter of 2008 and some of the most
significant RevPAR declines we have experienced in recent history during the first half of 2009. This reduced demand has resulted in and may continue to result in decreases in occupancy levels and ADR. We believe that the economic recession will continue to significantly affect all of our customer segments. During the first six months of 2009, our systemwide
RevPAR declined by 24% compared to the first six months of 2008. We believe that, during the remainder of the year, occupancy could stabilize. However, we expect that there will likely be continued pressure on average room rates. The current
economic environment makes it difficult for us to predict future demand for our hospitality products and services. We anticipate that recovery of
demand for hospitality products and services will lag an improvement in current economic conditions. We cannot predict how severe or prolonged the global economic downturn will be. Furthermore, current global economic conditions have significantly
impacted consumer confidence and behavior and, as a result, historical marketing information that we have collected may be less effective as a means of predicting future demand and operating results. 53 Table of Contents Competition .    The global lodging industry is highly competitive. As a result of the
decreased demand for hospitality products and services in the current economic environment, competition in the industry has become increasingly fierce. While we generally try to maintain rates whenever possible, the overall reduction in business
travel since the second half of 2008 has placed significant pressure on occupancy levels at our properties as well as those of our competitors. Accordingly, we have increased the number of promotional offers and expanded distribution
channels in an effort to attract guests. While declines in occupancy levels have recently begun to stabilize, room rates continue to be under pressure. Continued competition for a reduced pool of travelers will make it difficult to regain
previous ADR levels in a short period of time even if demand and occupancy levels begin to rise. We believe that our brand strength and ability to manage our operations in an efficient manner will help us to compete successfully within the global
hospitality industry. Agreements with third-party owners and franchisees and relationships with developers .    We depend
on our long-term management and franchise agreements with third-party owners and franchisees for a significant portion of our management and franchising fee revenues. The success and sustainability of our management and franchising business depends
on our ability to perform under our management and franchising agreements and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees. Our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and
opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships.
These relationships exist with a diverse group of owners, franchisees and developers and are not heavily concentrated with any particular third party. Access to capital .    The hospitality industry is a capital intensive business that requires significant amounts of capital expenditures to develop, maintain and renovate properties. Access to the capital that we
or our third-party owners, franchisees or development partners need to finance the construction of new properties or to maintain and renovate existing properties is critical to the continued growth of our business and our revenues. Over the past
twelve months, the credit markets and the financial services industry have experienced a period of significant disruption characterized by the bankruptcy, failure, collapse or sale of various financial institutions, increased volatility in
securities prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability and a significant level of intervention from the governments of the U.S. and other countries. As a result of these market conditions, the cost and availability of capital has
been and may continue to be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. In particular, in the current environment, available capital for new development is extremely limited if available at all. The availability of
capital or the conditions under which we or our third-party owners, franchisees or development partners can obtain capital can have a significant impact on the overall level and pace of future development and therefore the ability to grow our
revenues. The recent disruption in the capital markets has diminished the ability and desire of existing and potential development partners to access capital necessary to develop properties actively. We believe that a continued normalization of
credit markets as well as significant improvements in the global economy and overall business environment will be necessary before we see a material increase in development activity with third parties. Expenses Principal Components We primarily incur the following expenses: Owned and leased
hotel expenses. Owned and leased hotel expenses comprise the largest portion of our total direct and selling, general and administrative expenses and reflect the expenses of our consolidated owned and leased hotels.
Expenses to operate our hotels include room expense, food and beverage costs, other support costs and property expenses. Room expense includes 54 Table of Contents compensation costs for housekeeping, laundry and front desk staff and supply costs for guest room amenities and laundry. Food and beverage costs include costs for wait
and kitchen staff and food and beverage products. Other support expenses consist of costs associated with property-level management, utilities, sales and marketing, operating hotel spas, telephones, parking and other guest recreation, entertainment
and services. Property expenses include property taxes, repairs and maintenance, rent and insurance. Depreciation and amortization
expense. These are non-cash expenses that primarily consist of depreciation of fixed assets such as buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment at our consolidated owned and leased hotels. Amortization expense primarily
consists of amortization of management agreement acquisition costs and franchise and brand intangibles, which are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Selling, general and administrative expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation expense for our corporate staff and personnel supporting our business
segments (including divisional offices that support our management and franchising segments), professional fees (including consulting, audit and legal fees), travel and entertainment expenses, bad debt expenses, contractual performance obligations
and office administrative and related expenses. Other costs from managed properties. Represents costs related
primarily to payroll expenses at managed properties where we are the employer. These costs are reimbursed to us with no added margin. As a result, these costs have no effect on our profit, although they do increase our total expenses and the
corresponding reimbursements increase our total revenues. We record these costs in “Other costs from managed properties” and the corresponding revenues in “Other revenues from managed properties” in our consolidated statements of
income. Factors Affecting our Costs and Expenses The following are several principal factors that affect the costs and expenses we incur in the course of our operations. For other factors affecting our costs and expenses, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our
Business.” Fixed nature of expenses. Many of the expenses associated with managing, franchising, owning and
developing hotels and residential and vacation ownership properties are relatively fixed. These expenses include personnel costs, rent, property taxes, insurance and utilities. If we are unable to decrease these costs significantly or rapidly when
demand for our hotels and other properties decreases, the resulting decline in our revenues can have a particularly adverse effect on our net cash flow, margins and profits. This effect can be especially pronounced during periods of economic
contraction or slow economic growth, such as the current econo