—Risks Related to Information Technology, Cybersecurity, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property—If our information technology systems or those third parties with whom we work or our data, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers; and other adverse consequences.” Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters Our operations and facilities are subject to an extensive regulatory framework of federal, state, local, and foreign environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations and permits that govern, among other things, employee health and safety, discharges of pollutants, and the generation, handling, storage, release, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. In addition, we are subject to various and potentially conflicting substantive requirements and disclosure requirements with respect to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. Non-compliance with such laws, regulations and permits could result in substantial fines, penalties, litigation, liabilities, and obligations. In addition, such laws and regulations may require us to investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations, and any obligations to remediate and investigate could be joint and several without regard to fault. See “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—Our operations are subject to governmental law and regulations relating to environmental matters, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities that could negatively impact our financial condition.” See also “Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks—We may be adversely affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change.” 162 Table of  Contents Our Facilities Our corporate headquarters is located in Herndon, Virginia and comprises three buildings with a total surface area of 38,354 square feet. Such facilities host our constellation operations, data processing, software development, payload development, satellite assembly, and administrative functions. Additionally, our wholly-owned subsidiary, ISA, occupies three facilities in Richardson, Texas with a total surface area of 85,491 square feet, collectively, and one facility in Aurora, Colorado with a total surface area of 8,185 square feet. Such facilities host ISA’s customer classified networks and certain manufacturing functions. We do not own any real property. We intend to procure additional space when we add employees and expand geographically. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future, and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any such expansion of our operations. Human Capital and Our Culture As of December 31, 2025, we had 395 full-time employees and 8 part-time employees, none of whom is subject to any collective bargaining agreement, and 16 contractors. Prior to joining us, many of our employees held roles at defense technology, space and radio frequency, and other signals sensing and processing companies, as well as government and military leadership positions relevant to our mission. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Our people are a precious resource. We believe our success depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, attract, train, and develop highly qualified personnel and that our Virginia-based business provides access to a deep pool of talent. The majority of our employees are engaged in research and development, engineering and technology roles, and experienced and highly skilled employees in these areas are in high demand. Competition for these employees can be intense, and there may be concerns regarding new employees’ unauthorized disclosure of competitors’ trade secrets. Generally, each employee is required to sign a confidentiality, non-disclosure, and non-use agreement with us. Our culture is one that emphasizes teamwork, accountability, transparency, and continuous improvement. Our organization works, iterates, fails, and succeeds as a team, and we value collective team achievement over individual accomplishment. We believe that individuals who are treated with respect, equality and trust and are provided with responsibility, respond by taking accountability and investing their personal best. We embrace transparency and seek to create a safe, positive environment where matters of performance, relationships and conduct are handled professionally and judiciously. We acknowledge the value of differing perspectives, and our people respect and value one another’s opinions. We believe that continuous learning is an essential job function for all of our people, and seek to develop our teammates into better thinkers, better leaders, and better employees. Our compensation program is designed to retain, motivate and, as needed, attract highly qualified employees. Accordingly, we use a mix of competitive base salary, cash-based annual incentive compensation, equity compensation awards and other employee benefits. Public Benefit Corporation As a demonstration of our long-term commitment to public safety and security, and in recognition of the way our commercial activities promote the same, we will make an election to be treated as a public benefit corporation under Delaware law, to be effective upon the completion of this offering. Public benefit corporations are a class of corporations that are intended to produce a public benefit and to operate in a responsible and sustainable manner. Under Delaware law, a public benefit corporation is required to identify in its certificate of incorporation the public benefit or benefits it will promote, and its directors have a duty to manage the affairs of the corporation in a manner that balances the pecuniary interests of the corporation’s stockholders, the best interests of those materially affected by the corporation’s conduct, and the specific public benefit or benefits identified in the corporation’s certificate of incorporation. Public 163 Table of  Contents benefit corporations organized in Delaware are also required to assess their benefit performance internally and to disclose to stockholders at least biennially a report detailing their success in meeting their benefit objectives. Our public benefit, as provided in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, is to preserve the safety, security, and resilience of the American people and our allies. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising from activities in the normal course of business. We are not presently a party to any litigation the outcome of which, we believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Defending any legal proceedings is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. The results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 164 Table of  Contents MANAGEMENT Executive Officers and Directors The following table provides information regarding our current executive officers and directors, including their ages as of December 31, 2025: Name Age Position(s) Executive Officers John Serafini 49 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Craig Searle 42 Chief Financial Officer Patrick Zeitouni 46 Chief Strategy Officer Todd Probert 59 Chief Operating Officer Alex Fox 64 President, HawkEye 360 International Michael Turner 58 Chief Legal Officer Chris Herndon 61 Chief Information Officer Janine Sweeney 59 Chief Human Resources Officer Non-Employee Directors Mark Spoto 56 Chairman of the Board David G. DeWalt 61 Director Francis A. Finelli 68 Director Arthur Money 85 Director Jonathan Shames 64 Director James “Sandy” Winnefeld 69 Director Executive Officers John Serafini. John Serafini has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since 2016. He has also served as Venture Partner and a member of the Investment Committee at Shield Capital, a venture capital firm that invests in early-stage AI, cybersecurity and space technology companies, since May 2021. Previously, he served as Senior Vice President of Allied Minds PLC., a publicly traded venture capital firm focused on early-stage company development within the technology and life sciences sectors, from 2011 to 2016, as an Airborne Ranger-qualified U.S. Army infantry officer from 1998 to 2004, and the National Guard from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Serafini has served as a member of the Advisory Board of the National Security Space Association since 2022, as a member of the Board of Governors of the Middle East Institute since 2024, and as a member of the Board of Trustees of the INSA Foundation since 2024. Mr. Serafini holds a B.S. from the United States Military Academy, an M.P.A. from the Harvard Kennedy School, and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. We believe that Mr. Serafini is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his involvement since our inception and extensive expertise in investment and entrepreneurship. Craig Searle. Craig Searle has served as our Chief Financial Officer since September 2025. Previously, Mr. Searle served as our Chief Business Officer from February 2025 to September 2025, Vice President of Strategic Finance from October 2023 to February 2025, and as a member of our Board of Directors and Audit Committee from 2019 to October 2023. Prior to joining us, Mr. Searle