—We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of these material weaknesses is not effective, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock.” We do not know the specific time frame needed to fully remediate the material weaknesses identified. Currency Fluctuation Risk We conduct business in various locations throughout the world and are subject to market risk due to changes in value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. Periodically, we use derivative financial instruments to manage these risks. The functional currencies of our international operating locations are generally the in-country local currency. We manage these operating activities at the 86 TABLE OF CONTENTS local level and net sales, costs, assets, and liabilities are generally denominated in local currencies, thereby mitigating the risk associated with changes in foreign exchange. However, our results of operations and assets and liabilities are reported in U.S. dollars and thus will fluctuate with changes in exchange rates. The Company’s financial instruments that can be affected by foreign currency fluctuations and exchange risks consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade payables, and net sales denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For the Fiscal Year 2020, approximately 25% of our net sales were denominated in a currency other than our functional U.S. dollar currency. These sales were primarily transacted in Euros and Canadian dollars. Consequently, we are exposed to the impact of exchange rate volatility between the U.S. dollar and these currencies. To hedge against this risk, we enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to protect our trade receivable positions and forward options to protect highly probable net Canadian dollar, Euro, and Australian dollar inter-company sales receipts expected from outstanding contractual prices and sales volume commitments. Based on the Fiscal Year 2020, an increase or decrease of 1.0% in the currency exchange rate would cause an increase or decrease in net sales of approximately $2.1 million over the next 12 months. In the future we may enter into additional foreign exchange forward and option contracts as a result of our international growth strategy. Interest Rate Risk Our results are subject to risk from interest rate fluctuations on borrowings under the Credit Facilities. Our borrowings bear interest at a variable rate, therefore, we are exposed to market risks relating to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2020, we had $958.0 million, $150.0 million and $205.0 million of outstanding variable rate loans under the First Lien Term Facility, First Lien Incremental Term Facility and the Second Lien Term Facility, respectively. Based on our December 31, 2020 variable rate loan balances, an increase or decrease of 1% in the effective interest rate would cause an increase or decrease in interest cost of approximately $13.1 million over the next 12 months. On August 4, 2017, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage interest rate risk related to its variable rate debt obligations. Such agreements cap the borrowing rate on variable rate debt to provide a hedge against the risk of rising rates. At December 31, 2020, we had interest rate cap agreements per year with total initial notional amount of $550 million (the “Cap Agreements”) to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR and effectively cap the LIBOR applicable to our variable rate debt at an average rate of 1.79% and 1.63% respectively for the twelve months ending August 31, 2020 and August 31, 2021. The four-year Cap Agreements reset and settle monthly through August 31, 2021. Fluctuations in the market value of the Cap Agreements are recorded in “Other income and expenses” on our consolidated statements of operations. Impact of Inflation Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. We actively manage the impact of inflation, including import duties, through strong relationships with our diverse supplier base, vendor terms negotiations, and price and promotion management. Historically, we have been able to realize price increases to partially or fully offset cost inflation. We were granted certain import duty exemptions in 2019 for products sourced from China and received refunds in 2019 and 2020. Such exemptions expired in 2020. We strategically invest through inventory purchases to obtain favorable pricing ahead of vendor price increases. As a result, we believe we have the ability to mitigate negative impacts of inflation. 87 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ BUSINESS Company Overview We are an industry-leading global designer, manufacturer and marketer of a broad portfolio of pool equipment and associated automation systems. With the pool as the centerpiece of the growing outdoor living space, the pool industry has attractive market characteristics, including significant aftermarket requirements, innovation-led growth opportunities and a favorable industry structure. We are a leader in this market with a highly-recognized brand, one of the largest installed bases of pool equipment in the world, decades-long relationships with our key channel partners and trade customers and a history of technological innovation. Our engineered products, which include various energy efficient and more environmentally sustainable offerings, enhance the pool owner’s outdoor living lifestyle while also delivering high quality water, pleasant ambiance and ease of use for the ultimate backyard experience. Aftermarket replacements and upgrades to higher value IoT and energy efficient models are a primary growth driver for our business as we estimate that aftermarket sales represented approximately 75% of net sales in Fiscal Year 2020. We estimate aftermarket sales based upon feedback from certain representative customers and management’s interpretation of available industry and government data, and not upon our GAAP net sales results. We have an attractive financial profile driven by our market position, product offerings and focus on operational excellence. From 2012 to 2020, our net sales grew at a 6.7% CAGR, our operating income grew at a 4.6% CAGR, our net income declined at a 3.4% CAGR and our adjusted EBITDA grew at a 9.6% CAGR. Our long history of lean manufacturing and supply chain initiatives produced operating income margins of 14.2% and 13.5%, net income margins of 4.9% and 1.2% and adjusted EBITDA margins of 26.5% and 23.5% in Fiscal Years 2020 and 2019, respectively. As a result of our strong financial profile, we believe we have significant flexibility with respect to capital allocation, giving us the ability to drive long-term shareholder value through our operating and financial strategies. Additional information regarding our financial performance and non-GAAP measures, including adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin, together with a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP measures, is included in “Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Non-GAAP Reconciliation.” The demand for outdoor living products has increased over the past decade as retiring baby boomers are investing in their homes and millennials are showing increased interest in outdoor spaces. Consumer spending has been redirected towards outdoor home improvements as consumers continue migrating to the suburbs and increase time spent at home and in the backyard. Outdoor living repair, replacement and remodeling has grown faster than traditional home repair, replacement and remodeling projects as homeowners choose to make larger outdoor investments. The trend toward healthy outdoor living has helped underpin continued pool industry growth. Homeowners’ response to COVID-19 also helped to reinforce this trend of new pool builds as a safe environment for enjoyment at home, further increasing the 88 TABLE OF CONTENTS installed base of pools globally, which we estimate is over 25 million as of 2020. Our business is primarily driven by reliable aftermarket spending associated with a number of key drivers: a growing installed base, an increasing range of new pool products, a shift to more highly valued energy efficient and more environmentally sustainable products and the development of “smart home” technology to increase connectivity and automation. We have a leading brand with a reputation for quality, energy efficiency and innovation among both global pool professionals (e.g., retailers, builders, servicers and e-commerce resellers) and pool owners. We are a leading global manufacturer, supported by a large installed base and an estimated North American residential pool market share of approximately 30% that we believe is well-positioned for future growth. On average, we have 20+ year relationships with our top 20 trade customers. Many of our products are critical to the ongoing operation of pools given requirements for water quality and sanitization. As a result, we believe that many pool owners consider our products essential. Our products include a broad line of advanced IoT-enabled controls, alternate natural sanitizers to lower chemical usage, energy efficient pumps, LED lights, heaters, automatic cleaners and filters. We remain focused on being at the forefront of product innovation, as we continually expand our product offerings and have proactively brought new products to the market with 59 new products launched in th