AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK INVOLVES SIGNIFICANT RISKS. YOU SHOULD
CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING RISKS BEFORE YOU DECIDE TO BUY OUR COMMON
STOCK.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO ACHIEVE AND SUSTAIN MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF OUR NEW PROTEOMICS
AND ADMET SCREENING PRODUCTS ACROSS THEIR BROAD INTENDED RANGE OF APPLICATIONS,
WE WILL NOT GENERATE EXPECTED REVENUE GROWTH.

    Our business strategy depends on our successfully developing and
commercializing our new proteomics and ADMET screening technologies to meet our
customers' expanding needs and demands. For example, our recent acquisition of
AmiKa Corporation involved the purchase of the technology that we are using to
develop our 96 well plate for serum protein binding analysis. Market acceptance
of this and other new products will depend on many factors, including the extent
of our marketing efforts and our ability to demonstrate to existing and
potential customers that our technologies are superior to other technologies and
products that are available now or may become available in the future. If our
new products do not gain market acceptance, it could materially adversely affect
our business and future growth prospects.

OUR PRODUCTS COMPETE IN MARKETS THAT ARE SUBJECT TO RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE,
AND THEREFORE ONE OR MORE OF OUR PRODUCTS COULD BE MADE OBSOLETE BY NEW
TECHNOLOGIES.

    Because the market for drug discovery tools is characterized by rapid
technological change and frequent new product introductions, our product lines
may be made obsolete unless we are able to continually improve our existing
products and develop new products. To meet the evolving needs of our customers,
we must continually enhance our current and planned products and develop and
introduce new products. However, we may experience difficulties which may delay
or prevent the successful development, introduction and marketing of new
products or product enhancements. In addition, our product lines are based on
complex technologies which are subject to rapid change as new technologies are
developed and introduced in the marketplace. We may have difficulty in keeping
abreast of the rapid changes affecting each of the different markets we serve or
intend to serve. Our failure to develop and introduce products in a timely
manner in response to changing technology, market demands or the requirements of
our customers could cause our product sales to decline, and we could experience
significant losses.

    We offer and plan to offer a broad product line and have incurred and expect
to continue to incur substantial expenses for development of new products and
enhanced versions of our existing products. The speed of technological change in
our market may prevent us from being able to successfully market some or all of
our products for the length of time required to recover their often significant
development costs. Failure to recover the development costs of one or more
products or product lines could decrease our profitability or cause us to
experience significant losses.

WE HAVE LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN MANUFACTURING SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS WHICH COULD
CAUSE PROBLEMS OR DELAYS RESULTING IN LOST REVENUE.

    We have only recently begun to manufacture and therefore currently have
limited manufacturing capacity for some of our products, such as our PrepTip
protein purification pipette tips. If we fail to manufacture and deliver
products in a timely manner, our relationships with our customers could be
seriously harmed, and our revenue could decline. To achieve the production
levels necessary for successful commercialization, we will need to scale-up our
manufacturing facilities and establish automated manufacturing methods and
quality control procedures. We cannot assure you that manufacturing or quality
control problems will not arise as we attempt to scale-up our production or that
we can scale-up manufacturing and quality control in a timely manner or at
commercially

                                       6 reasonable costs. If we are unable to manufacture these products consistently on
a timely basis because of these or other factors, we may not achieve the level
of sales from these products that we otherwise anticipate.

IF AMERSHAM PHARMACIA BIOTECH TERMINATES ITS DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT WITH US OR
FAILS TO PERFORM ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER OUR DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, IT COULD
IMPAIR THE MARKETING AND DISTRIBUTION EFFORTS FOR SOME OF OUR PRODUCTS AND
RESULT IN LOST REVENUES.

    For the six months ended June 30, 2000, approximately 40% of our revenues
were generated through an agreement with Amersham Pharmacia Biotech, or APB,
under which APB acts as our primary marketing and distribution channel for the
products of our Biochrom subsidiary. We have little or no control over APB's
marketing and sales activities or the use of its resources. APB may fail to
purchase sufficient quantities of products from us or perform appropriate
marketing and sales activities. In addition, our inability to maintain our
arrangement with APB for product distribution, could materially impede the
growth of our business and our ability to generate sufficient revenue. Our
agreement with APB may be terminated early under some circumstances, including
in the event of a breach of a material term by us. The initial three-year term
of this agreement expires in February 2002 after which it is subject to annual
renewal. While we believe our relationship with APB is good, we cannot guarantee
that the contract will be renewed or that APB will aggressively market our
products in the future.

OUR COMPETITORS AND POTENTIAL COMPETITORS MAY DEVELOP PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGIES
THAT ARE MORE EFFECTIVE OR COMMERCIALLY ATTRACTIVE THAN OUR PRODUCTS.

    We expect to encounter increased competition from both established and
development-stage companies that continually enter our market. We anticipate
that these competitors will include:

    - companies developing and marketing life sciences research tools,

    - health care companies that manufacture laboratory-based tests and
      analyzers,

    - diagnostic and pharmaceutical companies, and

    - companies developing drug discovery technologies.

    Currently, our principal competition comes from established companies that
provide products which perform many of the same functions for which we market
our products. Our competitors may develop or market products that are more
effective or commercially attractive than our current or future products. Many
of our competitors have substantially greater financial, operational, marketing
and technical resources than we do. Moreover, these competitors may offer
broader product lines and tactical discounts, and may have greater name
recognition. In addition, we may face competition from new entrants into our
field. We may not have the financial resources, technical expertise or
marketing, distribution or support capabilities to compete successfully in the
future.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO EFFECTIVELY PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, THIRD PARTIES
MAY USE OUR TECHNOLOGY, WHICH WOULD IMPAIR OUR ABILITY TO COMPETE IN OUR
MARKETS.

    Our continued success will depend in significant part on our ability to
obtain and maintain meaningful patent protection for our products throughout the
world. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the technology fields in
which we operate is still evolving. The degree of future protection for our
proprietary rights is uncertain. We own ten U.S. patents and have four patent
applications pending in the U.S. We also own numerous U.S. registered trademarks
and trade names and have applications for the registration of trademarks and
trade names pending. We rely on patents to protect a significant part of our
intellectual property and to enhance our competitive position. However, our
presently pending or future patent applications may not issue as patents, and
any patent previously issued to us

                                       7 may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable or circumvented. Furthermore,
the claims in patents which have been issued or which may be issued to us in the
future may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing
competing products similar to our products. In addition, the laws of various
foreign countries in which we compete may not protect our intellectual property
to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. If we fail to obtain
adequate patent protection for our proprietary technology, our ability to be
commercially competitive will be materially impaired.

    In addition to patent protection, we also rely on protection of trade
secrets, know-how and confidential and proprietary information. To maintain the
confidentiality of trade secrets and proprietary information, we generally seek
to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and
strategic partners upon the commencement of a relationship with us. However, we
may not obtain these agreements in all circumstances. In the event of
unauthorized use or disclosure of this information, these agreements, even if
obtained, may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other
confidential information. In addition, adequate remedies may not exist in the
event of unauthorized use or disclosure of this information. The loss or
exposure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information would impair our
competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results, financial condition and future growth prospects.

WE MAY BE INVOLVED IN LAWSUITS TO PROTECT OR ENFORCE OUR PATENTS WHICH WOULD BE
EXPENSIVE AND TIME-CONSUMING.

    In order to protect or enforce our patent rights, we may initiate patent
litigation against third parties. We may also become subject to interference
proceedings conducted in the patent and trademark offices of various countries
to determine the priority of inventions. The defense and prosecution, if
necess