—Risks Related to Our Business—We may be unable to generate sufficient
taxable income from future operations, or other circumstances could arise, which may limit our ability to utilize our significant tax NOLs fully or maintain our deferred tax assets.” GAAP requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between
the book and tax bases of recorded assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets are required to be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is “more likely than not” that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. As
of December 31, 2015, the Predecessor had valuation allowances totaling $139.5 million primarily for deferred tax assets not expected to provide future tax benefits. In our evaluation of the need for a valuation allowance on our U.S. deferred
tax assets, we considered all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, carryback of future period losses to prior periods, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and
recent financial performance. Based on our review of all positive and negative evidence, including a three year U.S. cumulative pre-tax loss, we concluded that a valuation allowance should be recorded against our deferred tax assets that are not
expected to be realized through future sources of taxable income generated from carrybacks of future period losses, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. As a result, a valuation allowance was recorded to
reflect the portion of the U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets that are not likely to be realized based upon all available evidence. If we later determine that we will more likely than not realize all, or a portion, of the U.S. deferred tax
assets, we will reverse the valuation allowance in a future period. All future reversals of the valuation allowance would result in a tax benefit in the period recognized. Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Mineral interests, property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are reviewed for potential impairment annually or whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value of the asset may not be recoverable. We periodically evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment and, if so, assessing whether the asset net book
values are recoverable from estimated future undiscounted cash flows. Testing long-lived assets for impairment after indicators of impairment have been identified is a two-step process. Step one compares the net undiscounted cash flows of an asset
group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of an asset group exceeds the net undiscounted cash flows of that asset group, step two is performed whereby the fair value of the asset groups is estimated and compared to its carrying amount. The
actual amount of an impairment loss to be recorded, if any, is equal to the amount by which the asset’s net book value exceeds its fair market value. Fair market value is generally based on the present values of estimated future cash flows in
the absence of quoted market prices. Estimates of future undiscounted cash flows are based on assumptions including third-party global long-term pricing forecasts for each product, anticipated production volumes based on internal and external
engineering estimates, capital spending, and operating costs for the life of the mine or estimated useful life of the asset. The estimates of operating cost include labor, fuel, explosives, supplies and similar other major components of mining or
gas costs. Due to market volatility associated with global met coal supply and demand as well as actual mine operating conditions
experienced in the years being forecasted, it is possible that the estimate of undiscounted cash flows may change in the near term resulting in a potential need to write down the related assets to fair value, in particular the assets associated with
purchased coal reserves. The undiscounted cash flows are dependent upon a number of significant management estimates about future performance and changes in any of these assumptions could materially impact the estimated undiscounted cash flows of
our asset groups. The primary uncertainty however pertains to future sales prices. The uncertainty and variability in pricing are described in “Risk Factors” and the uncertainty and variability surrounding coal reserves are described in
“Coal Reserve Information.” Recently Adopted Accounting Standards A summary of recently adopted accounting pronouncements is included in Note 2 to our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus. 79 Table of Contents Internal Controls and Procedures We are not currently required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore
not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with certain provisions of Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Beginning with our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2018 (subject to any change in applicable SEC rules), Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require that we include management’s assessment
of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual reports. In addition, Section 404 will require that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to our internal controls upon us ceasing to qualify for an exemption from the
requirement to provide an auditor’s attestation on internal controls afforded to emerging growth companies under the JOBS Act. Material
Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Prior to the Asset Acquisition, we were a newly formed company that acquired
its operating assets from Walter Energy, which had recently filed for bankruptcy. This resulted in our accounting and financial reporting function having limited accounting and financial reporting personnel and other resources with which to address
our internal controls and procedures. In connection with the audits of the financial statements of our Predecessor, our independent registered public accounting firm identified two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. These material weaknesses resulted in material adjustments to the financial statements of our Predecessor which were corrected in the historical periods presented. The two material weaknesses identified related to our Predecessor’s internal control over financial reporting: • Financial close processes: This material weakness relates to the Predecessor’s design and operation of the account balance reconciliation process, including the performance and preparation of accounting
reconciliations and the adequacy of the review of such account balance reconciliations. • Process to estimate asset retirement obligation costs: This material weakness relates to the Predecessor’s calculation of asset retirement obligations and ineffective coordination between operational and accounting
personnel to determine the appropriate asset retirement obligation. Each of these material weaknesses could, among other
things, adversely impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information or result in a misstatement of the account balances or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement to our annual or interim financial statements
that would not be prevented or detected. Please see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—We have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of these material weaknesses is not
effective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of
operations, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our financial reporting and, as a result, materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.” At the time that the material weaknesses occurred, Walter Energy, the parent of our Predecessor, was in bankruptcy. Many of the employees
directly involved in the Predecessor’s account reconciliation process and calculation of the asset retirement obligation had been terminated or had resigned. Many routine and non-routine functions were reassigned to a limited number of
financial reporting personnel. Further, during this time, GAAP financial statements were not being prepared for purposes of public disclosure and filing with the SEC. We are currently in the process of remediating these material weaknesses. Following the closing of the Asset Acquisition on March 31,
2016, our management implemented a new ERP system, re-designed certain 80 Table of Contents controls and hired additional personnel, which includes a Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) effective January 1, 2017, in order to improve our internal control over financial reporting.
Management expects to make further changes to remediate the material weaknesses that have been identified. These matters have required, and will continue to require, a significant amount of management time, resources and money. Specific aspects of
our remediation plan include: • the implementation of the new ERP system described above; • training users on our ERP system and associated controls; • redesigning and implementing internal controls over the account balance re