.” Overview HCI was organized in November of 2006 to be
an insurance holding company for three of our subsidiaries: Homeowners Choice Property & Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. (“HCPC”), Homeowners Choice Managers, Inc. (“HCM”), and Southern Administration, Inc.
(“SA”). We commenced operations in June 2007. HCI has a limited operating history, less than one year, on which to base an evaluation of its business and prospects. HCI’s prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses
and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development. HCPC, our insurance subsidiary, is a Florida
insurance company that provides property and casualty insurance to individuals that own homes or condominiums in Florida and to certain individuals who rent property in Florida. HCM provides underwriting policy administration, marketing, accounting
and financial and other management services to HCPC. HCM contracts with our independent agents for sales services and with SA for policy administration services. SA is our administrative subsidiary and provides policy administration services through
HCM. We intend to form a fourth subsidiary—a reinsurance subsidiary domiciled in Bermuda. When deemed appropriate by management, we
plan to satisfy some of our reinsurance needs by purchasing reinsurance from this subsidiary. Any reinsurance contracts entered into with this subsidiary will be subject to review by the Florida OIR. Our level of profitability is primarily determined by how adequately our rates and investment income cover our expenses, which consist of reinsurance,
non-catastrophic losses, commissions, overhead and taxes. Most of our expense categories can be measured and managed. The largest potential variable expense is the cost of catastrophic losses (i.e., hurricanes and tropical storms). Our results of
operations are further subject to significant variations due to factors affecting the property and casualty insurance industry in general, which include competition, weather, catastrophic events, regulation, general economic conditions, judicial
trends, fluctuations in interest rates and other changes in the investment environment. Our premium growth and underwriting results have
been, and will continue to be, influenced by market conditions. Premium rate levels are related to the availability of insurance coverage, which varies according to the level of surplus in the insurance industry and other factors. The level of
surplus in the industry varies with returns on capital and regulatory barriers to the withdrawal of surplus. Increases in surplus have generally been accompanied by increased price competition among property and casualty insurers. Pricing in the
property and casualty insurance industry historically has been cyclical. During a weakening market cycle, price competition makes it difficult to attract and retain properly priced personal lines business. During a weak insurance market, regulatory
rate approval requirements and concerns regarding retention of existing policies may limit our insurance subsidiary’s ability to increase prices. We intend to promote and maintain our disciplined underwriting approach and pricing standards
during these weaker markets, even if it leads to slower premium growth. With respect to policies that we assume from Citizens, we are
required to have rates that are equivalent to or less than the rates charged by Citizens. If Citizens reduces its rates, we will be required to reduce our rates to 30 Table of Contents keep them equivalent to or less than Citizens’ rates; however, if Citizens increases its rates, we will not be permitted to automatically increase our
rates. We must provide coverage to the policyholders that we assume for Citizens in this manner for a period of three years, provided that we can cancel a policy in certain circumstances, including fraud or misrepresentation and non-payment
of premiums. In addition, if our insurance subsidiary was to find it necessary to reduce premiums or limit premium increases due to other competitive pressures on pricing, our insurance subsidiary could experience a reduction in profit margins and
revenues, an increase in ratios of losses and expenses to premiums and, therefore, lower profitability. The cyclicality of the insurance market and its potential impact on our results is difficult to predict with any significant reliability. We currently invest our excess cash in certificates of deposit and money market accounts. Therefore, our investment income is subject to
change based on general interest rate levels. We may change our investment policy in the future, which could subject our investment income to a variety of factors, including adverse events affecting the issuers of debt obligations that we may
purchase and changes in pricing of equity securities. We expect that investment income will decrease as a percentage of our revenues in the future as we write additional policies. As a public company following consummation of this offering, we expect that we will incur significant additional operating expenses such as increased
expenses related to hiring additional personnel and expanding our administrative functions, audit fees, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance preparation fees, professional fees, directors’ and officers’ insurance costs, and compensation for our board
of directors. Many of these expenses were not incurred or were incurred at a lower level by us as a private company and are not included in our historical results of operations. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates General We are required to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and
related footnotes. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an on-going basis based on historical developments, market conditions, industry trends and other information that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. There can be no
assurance that actual results will conform to our estimates and assumptions, and that reported results of operation will not be materially adversely affected by the need to make accounting adjustments to reflect changes in these estimates and
assumptions from time to time. We believe the following policies are the most sensitive to estimates and judgments. Reserves for Loss
and Loss Adjustment Expenses We establish reserves for the estimated total unpaid costs of losses including loss adjustment expenses
(LAE). Unless otherwise specified below, the term “loss reserves” shall encompass reserves for both losses and LAE. Loss reserves reflect management’s best estimate of the total cost of (i) claims that have been incurred, but not
yet paid, and (ii) claims that have been “incurred but not yet reported” (“IBNR”). Loss reserves established by us are not an exact calculation of our liability. Rather, loss reserves represent management’s best
estimate of our company’s liability based on application of actuarial techniques and other projection methodology and taking into consideration other facts and circumstances known at the balance sheet date. The process of establishing loss
reserves is complex and necessarily imprecise, as it involves using judgment that is affected by many variables such as past loss experience, current claim trends and the prevailing social, economic and legal environments. The impact of both
internal and external variables on ultimate loss and LAE costs is difficult to estimate. Our exposure is impacted by both the risk characteristics of the physical locations where we write policies, such as hurricane and tropical storm-related risks,
as well as risks associated with varying social, judicial and legislative characteristics in Florida, the state in which we operate. In determining loss reserves, we give careful consideration to all available data and actuarial analyses, and this
process involves significant judgment. 31 Table of Contents The liability for losses and LAE represents estimates of the ultimate unpaid cost of all losses incurred,
including losses for claims that have not yet been reported to our insurance company. The amount of loss reserves for reported claims is based primarily upon a case-by-case evaluation of the kind of risk involved, knowledge of the circumstances
surrounding each claim and the insurance policy provisions relating to the type of loss. The amounts of loss reserves for unreported claims and LAE are determined using historical information by line of insurance as adjusted to current conditions.
Inflation is ordinarily implicitly provided for in the reserving function through analysis of costs, trends and reviews of historical reserving results over multiple years. Reserves are closely monitored and are recalculated periodically using the most recent information on reported claims and a variety of actuarial
techniques. Specifically, on a bi-weekly basis management reviews existing reserves, new claims, changes to existing case reserves, and paid losses with respect to the current and prior year. A similar review is conducted by a claims committee of
our board of directors on a quarterly basis. As we develop historical data regarding paid and incurred losses, we use this data to develop expected ultimate loss and loss adjustment expense ratios. We then apply these expected loss and loss
adjustment expense ratios to earned premium to derive a reserve level for each line of business. In connection with the determination of these reserves, we will also consider other specific factors such as recent weather-related losses, trends in
historical paid losses, and legal and judicial trends regarding liability. Most of our business was assumed from Citizens. Therefore, we use the loss ratio method based on the expected loss ratio underlying Citizens’ rates, among other methods,
to project an ultimate loss expectation, and then the related loss history must be regularly evaluated and loss