: Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. As an investor, you should be able to bear a complete loss of your investment. You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “ Risk Factors ” section beginning on page 12. Dividend Policy: We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our shares, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our shares in the foreseeable future. It is presently intended that we will retain our earnings for future operations and expansion. Trading market and symbol: Our shares of Common Stock are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “HCTI.” Transfer agent: The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC. 4 RISK FACTORS Before purchasing any of the securities you
should carefully consider the risk factors relating to our company described below and incorporated by reference in this prospectus from
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as well as the risks, uncertainties, and additional information set
forth in other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. For a description of these reports and documents, and information
about where you can find them, see “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Documents By
Reference.” Additional risks not presently known or that we presently consider to be immaterial could subsequently materially and
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, business, and prospects. Risks Related to this Offering An active trading market for our shares may not be sustained. Although our shares are listed on The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC, the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity. The current level of trading may not be sustained
in the future. The lack of an active market for our shares may impair investors’ ability to sell their shares at the time they wish
to sell them or at a price that they consider reasonable, may reduce the fair market value of their shares and may impair our ability
to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire additional intellectual property
assets by using our shares as consideration. Future sales of substantial amounts
of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We may choose to raise additional capital due
to market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans.
If additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, or perceptions that those sales could occur,
the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution to investors purchasing our common stock in this offering or result
in downward pressure on the price of our common stock, and our ability to raise capital in the future. The issuance of shares upon exercise of
derivative securities may cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders . The issuance of shares upon exercise of our outstanding
warrants, including the Purchase Warrants may result in substantial dilution to the interests of other stockholders since these selling
stockholders may ultimately convert or exercise and sell all or a portion of the full amount issuable upon exercise. The issuance of these
shares will have the effect of further diluting the proportionate equity interest and voting power of holders of our common stock. 5 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING