” section included in the Annual
Report. Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and may be able to exert control over matters subject
to stockholder approval. As of September 30, 2025, our executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates beneficially owned
approximately 23.5% of our outstanding voting stock (excluding any warrants that may be exercised for shares of Common Stock or stock options exercisable within 60 days of such date held by such persons). Therefore, these stockholders have the
ability to influence us through this ownership position. These stockholders may be able to impact all matters requiring stockholder approval, in matters where they are eligible to vote. For example, these stockholders may be able to control or
influence elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets, or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our Common
Stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls over
financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired. Pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management was required to report upon the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with the annual report for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. When we lose our status as an
“emerging growth company” and a “smaller reporting company,” and become an “accelerated filer” or a “large accelerated filer,” our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to
attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant
documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Exchange Act, we have implemented and will continue to implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems
and procedures and we have hired and intend to continue to hire additional accounting and finance staff. We cannot assure you that there will not be
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial
condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or
significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and we could be subject to
sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public
companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 24 Table of Contents Risks Related to the Development and Clinical Testing of Our Product Candidates Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates or any future product candidates, which would prevent or
delay or limit the scope of regulatory approval and commercialization. To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to market and sell any product
candidates, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our investigational drug products are safe and effective for use in each targeted indication. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to
complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical development process. Most product candidates that begin clinical trials are never approved by regulatory authorities for commercialization. We may
be unable to establish clinical endpoints that applicable regulatory authorities would consider clinically meaningful, and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. Further, the process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials, and can vary
substantially based upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product candidates involved, as well as the target indications, patient population, and regulatory agency. Prior to obtaining approval to commercialize our product candidates and any
future product candidates in the United States or abroad, we, our collaborators or our potential future collaborators must demonstrate with evidence from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials and to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities, that such product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses. Clinical trials that we conduct may not
demonstrate the efficacy and safety necessary to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety or efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product
candidate due to numerous factors, including changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and type of the patient populations, changes in and adherence to the clinical trial protocols, and the rate of dropout among
clinical trial participants. If the results of our clinical trials are inconclusive with respect to the efficacy of our product candidates, if we do not meet the clinical endpoints with statistical and clinically meaningful significance, or if there
are safety concerns associated with our product candidates, we may be delayed in obtaining marketing approval, if at all. Additionally, any safety concerns observed in any one of our clinical trials, including adverse safety events in later trials
that were not observed in prior trials, could limit the prospects for regulatory approval of that product candidate or other product candidates in any indications. Even if the trials are completed and successful, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and we cannot guarantee that the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. We cannot guarantee that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities will view our product candidates as demonstrating substantial evidence of efficacy even if positive results are observed in clinical trials or having a positive benefit-risk profile. Moreover, results acceptable to support approval in
one jurisdiction may be deemed inadequate by another regulatory authority to support regulatory approval in that other jurisdiction. To the extent that the results of the trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities for support of a marketing application, approval of our product candidates and any future product candidates may be significantly delayed, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to
us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. Even if regulatory approval is secured for a product candidate, the terms of such approval may limit the scope and use of the specific product candidate,
which may also limit its commercial potential. Preliminary, topline or interim data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time
to time may change as more patient data becomes available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or topline data from our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary
analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and 25 Table of Contents conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the particular study or trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations, and conclusions
as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the topline results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different
conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different
from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates,
calculations, conclusions, or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product, and
our company in general. From time to time, we may also disclose data from planned interim analyses of our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical
trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available and could result in volatility in the price of our Common
St