: You should read the “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page [     ] of this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in our securities. ​ ​ Stock exchange listing: Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “RSLS.” On January [    ], 2025, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market was $ [    ] per share. (1) The above discussion and table are based on 729,980 shares of common stock outstanding as of January 15, 2025 and excludes: ● 144 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options granted as of January 15, 2025 under our equity incentive plans at a weighted average exercise price of $34,101.10 per share; ● 81,384 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants issued as of January 15, 2025; ● 8 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units granted as of January 15, 2025; and ● 10 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of 95,388 shares of series C convertible preferred stock outstanding as of January 15, 2025. ​ ​ ​ 6 Table of Contents SUMMARY RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, prospects and/or the price of our outstanding securities and make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. Risks Related to Equity Line of Credit and Secured Convertible Note ● The sale of issuance of our common stock to Ascent may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired by Ascent, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock to fall. ● Ascent will pay less than the then-prevailing market price for our common stock, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. ● The Note is fully secured by collateral of ReShape and our subsidiaries and Ascent, as our senior secured lender, may exercise its right in the event of default. ● We may require additional financing to sustain our operations, without which we may not be able to continue operations, and the terms of subsequent financings may adversely impact our stockholders. ● Our management will have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from our sale of shares of common stock to Ascent, and you may not agree with how we use the proceeds, and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. ● It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we will sell under the Equity Purchase Agreement to Ascent or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. ● Investors who buy shares at different times will likely pay different prices. ● Our commitment to issue shares of our common stock pursuant to the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement could encourage short sales by third parties, which could contribute to the future decline of our stock price. Risks Related to the Pending Merger ● Fluctuations in the market price of our common stock will affect the value of the Merger Consideration. ● The Exchange Ratio in the Merger Agreement is subject to adjustment based on ReShape’s net cash as of a determination date prior to completion of the Merger, which could dilute further the ownership of either the ReShape or Vyome stockholders in the combined company. ● The ownership percentages of the ReShape and Vyome stockholders, respectively, that will result from the Exchange Ratio in the Merger Agreement are calculated prior to the completion of the Concurrent Financing, which could dilute further the ownership of the ReShape stockholders in the combined company. ● The Merger may not be consummated unless important conditions are satisfied or waived and there can be no assurance that the Merger will be consummated. ● Although an application has been filed to list the ReShape Shares on The Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that the common stock will be so listed or, if listed, that the Combined Company will be able to comply with the continued listing standards. 7 Table of Contents Risks Related to the Business of the Combined Company After the Merger ● Combining the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected, and the Combined Company may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of the Merger. ● ReShape and Vyome will incur substantial direct and indirect costs as a result of the Merger and the Combined Company will incur substantial direct and indirect costs following the Merger. ● Both ReShape and Vyome have operated with a loss and negative cash flows for the entirety of their existence and it is expected the Combined Company will have to raise significant capital in the future that could be dilutive to stockholders of the Combined Company. ● If the perceived benefits of the Merger do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of ReShape’s securities or, following the Merger, Vyome Holdings, Inc. securities, may decline. Risks Related to our Business and Industry ● If we are unable to either substantially improve our operating results or obtain additional financing, we may be unable to continue as a going concern. ● We have recently undertaken a cost reduction plan and reorganization, and may do so again in the future. The assumptions underlying these activities may prove to be inaccurate, or we may fail to achieve the expected benefits therefrom. ● We may be unable to attract and retain management and other personnel we need to succeed. ● We cannot assure you that we will ever generate substantial revenue or be profitable. ● Previously, we recorded a non-cash indefinite-lived intangible and definite-lived assets impairment loss, which significantly impacted our results of operations, and we may be exposed to additional impairment losses that could be material. Risks Associated with Development and Commercialization of ReShape’s Lap-Band System, Lap-Band 2.0 System, Obalon Balloon System, and the DBSN Device ● Our efforts to increase revenue from our Lap-Band System, Lap-Band 2.0 System, and commercialize our DBSN device and expanded line of bariatric surgical accessories, including ReShape Calibration Tubes, may not succeed or may encounter delays which could significantly harm our ability to generate revenue. ● We may not be able to obtain required regulatory approvals for our DBSN device in a cost-effective manner or at all, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. ● We depend on clinical investigators and clinical sites to enroll patients in our clinical trials, and on other third parties to manage the trials and to perform related data collection and analysis, and, as a result, we may face costs and delays that are outside of our control. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property ● If we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights relating to our technology and neuroblocking therapy, the commercial value of our technology and any future products will be adversely affected and our competitive position will be harmed. ● We may lose important patents or patent rights if we do not timely pay required patent fees or annuities. ● Many of our competitors have significant resources and incentives to apply for and obtain intellectual property rights that could limit or prevent our ability to commercialize our current or future products in the United States or abroad. 8 Table of Contents Risks Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock ● The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and is likely to be volatile in the future. ● Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by existing stockholders, or the perception that they may occur, could cause our stock price to decline. ● We have a significant number of outstanding warrants, which may cause significant dilution to our stockholders, have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future equity offerings. Risks Related to our Asset Sale ● While the ReShape Asset Sale is pending, it creates unknown impacts on ReShape’s future which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. ● The failure to consummate the ReShape Asset Sale may materially and adversely affect ReShape’s business, financial condition and results of operations. ● The Merger may be consummated despite the ReShape Asset Sale not closing under certain circumstances. Risks Related to this Offering ● Management will have broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from this offering, and we may not use these proceeds effectively. ● This is a best efforts offering, and no minimum number or dollar amount of securities is required to be sold, and we may not raise the maximum amount we are offering. ​ 9 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this registration statement, including the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, before deciding to invest in our securities. The occurrence of any of the events described below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, prospects or the value of our common stock. These risks are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business. Risks Related to Equity Line of Credit and Secured Convertible Note The sale or issuance of our common stock to Ascent may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of common