” and elsewhere in this prospectus. See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward -Looking Statements.” Overview Health in Tech (“HIT”) is an insurance technology platform company, which offers a marketplace that aims to improve processes in the healthcare industry through vertical integration, process simplification, and automation. By removing friction and complexities, we streamline the underwriting, sales and service process for insurance companies, licensed brokers, and TPAs. Marketplace: We are a health insurance marketplace where insurance companies can list various stop -loss policy options for self -funded benefits plans. Licensed brokers registered on our platform can log in, upload certain required information, select policy plans, obtain a bindable quote and sell them to small businesses. In most cases, our technology enables us to medically underwrite insurance policies and produce bindable quotes within about two minutes, allowing us to deliver an integrated and seamless sales cycle. Customizable Solutions: Beyond policy underwriting and sales, our marketplace offers customization of health benefits plans, vendors, claims, and network services. Brokers can select customized plans that suit their customers. Accessibility and Savings: We make self -funded benefits plan and stop loss insurance accessible online for small businesses. We aim to deliver meaningful cost savings for low -risk , small employers with comparatively healthy employees through a digital medical underwriting process. We seek to deliver time savings for employers, brokers, TPAs, and carriers, by leveraging both external and internally developed technology. As of June 30, 2024, we had clients in 42 states, with our services and platforms actively utilized by 242 brokers, 16 Third -Party Administrators (TPAs), and 159 additional third -party agencies. Our stop loss insurance policies for self -funded benefits plans are sold to 953 business clients with 19,101 employees, and we’ve managed to maintain profitability while experiencing growth with a year -over -year revenue increase of 17% from the first two quarters 2023 to the first two quarters 2024 and 232% increase from fiscal year 2022 to fiscal year 2023. We currently generate most of our revenue from service fees and underwriting fees, that are associated with customers who purchase self -funded benefits plans and stop loss insurance. These plans are facilitated through a network of brokers, TPAs, MGUs, carriers, and other third -party agents. These agencies either directly engage our services or provide valuable client referrals. Roscommon Insurance Company (“Roscommon”) and Roscommon Captive Management LLC, the self -insurance carrier business, previously owned by our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Tim Johnson, was sold to an unrelated party at the end of May 2023. This move allows the CEO to dedicate his undivided attention to driving accelerated growth and continuing development within Health In Tech. Key Factors Affecting our Performance Our ability to retain and expand our network of brokers, TPAs, MAUs and other third-party agents. While we generate our revenue primarily from small employers and insurance carriers, we currently derive substantially all of our business through brokers, TPAs, and other third -party agents who provide referrals. As a result, the size of our network is critical to our success. We have experienced significant network growth since we commenced operations, and we believe we have the opportunity to continue to grow our network by providing superior innovation in automation, great client experience, competitive pricing, access to quality providers, and competitive insurance coverage relative to other insurers in the same geographic and insurance markets. 43 Table of Contents Our ability to enter into more partnerships with insurance carriers and offer new products and plans Our business growth will depend on our ability to partner with a diverse range of insurance carriers to service the excess coverage needs of our clients. These partnerships are essential for expanding our portfolio of products and services. Our growth strategy is heavily reliant on our capability to introduce innovative insurance products and plans. By collaborating with multiple insurance carriers, we can leverage their expertise and resources to develop a broader range of offerings. This not only enables us to meet the specific requirements of our clients but also helps in staying competitive in a rapidly changing market. Our ability to accurately perform underwriting procedures Our growth is significantly dependent on our ability to accurately perform underwriting procedures and maintain strong relationships with brokers, Third -Party Administrators (TPAs), carriers, Managing General Underwriters (MGUs), and other third -party agents who utilize our platforms. A failure to conduct precise underwriting actuarial reviews and adjustments to our underwriting tools could result in increased costs and pricing for health plans. While we are not bound by any agreements that would necessitate paying fees exceeding estimated insurance costs, nor do we have agreements that require indemnification of the carrier, such a failure could cause reputational harm to our eDIYBS platform. This could lead to increased premiums for plans accessed through our platform, potentially affecting our financial standing and market competitiveness. Our ability to continue invest in technology and innovation Our ongoing commitment to investing in technology is crucial for driving advancements in automation and enhancing operational efficiency across all aspects of our business. We are dedicated to regularly updating and developing new technology. This continuous investment in technology and innovation will position us at the forefront of the insurance technology. Seasonality Our business is generally affected by the seasonal patterns of our enrolment and medical expenses. Usage of our underwriting and quoting platform is seasonal, primarily due to the common renewal of health plan policies in December and January. While we believe we have visibility into the seasonality of our business, our rapid growth rate over the last couple years may have made seasonal fluctuations more difficult to detect. If our rate of growth slows over time, seasonal or cyclical variations in our operations may become more pronounced, and our business, results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected. Key Financial and Operating Performance Metrics We regularly monitor a number of financial and operating metrics in order to measure our current performance and project our future performance. These metrics help us develop and refine our growth strategies and make strategic decisions. We discuss revenues, cost of revenues, and the components of operating expenses. We utilize other key metrics as described below. Number of Enrolled Employees (EEs) Medical Health Plan Billed Our primary customers are small businesses, which can have anywhere from 5 to 150 employees. Our service fee is billed to such business customers on a per enrolled employee (EE) per month (PEPM) basis, which ranges from $5 to $20 based on selected services for each small business, and our underwriting revenue is a percentage of monthly premium paid on a PEPM basis. Accordingly, we use the number of EEs as a key indicator of our market penetration and growth, as compared to simply tracking the total number of our business customers, which can vary depending on the number of employees (and their family) enrolled at the business customer. The number of EEs is an employment based count, and not only would include a single employee, but also an employee’s family (spouse and/or children), if the family is also insured on the plan. The following table sets forth the number of EEs billed for the periods indicated: Six Months Ended June 30, Period-to-Period Change Fiscal Year Ended December 31, Period-to-Period Change 2024 2023 EEs Percentage 2023 2022 EEs Percentage Number of EEs billed (End of period) 19,101 20,123 (1,022 ) (5 )% 21,213 11,725 9,488 81 % 44 Table of Contents In 2024, we optimized the stop loss policies offering, focusing on partnering with A -rated carriers. By June 30, 2024, all 19,101 EEs purchased A rated stop loss policies, compared to 9,774 (or approximate 49% of the total 20,123 EEs) billed by June 30, 2023. Generally, the small businesses that gravitated towards A -rated carriers are performing better as a business, and they are willing to pay more program fees for better medical network coverage and for better health benefits. Despite a temporary 5% reduction in EE counts from the six months ended June 30, 2023, we have generated a 17% increase in revenues. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA represents our earnings from continuing operations before net interest expense, taxes, and depreciation and amortization expense, adjusted to eliminate stock -based compensation expense and public company readiness costs not deemed capitalizable. Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure calculated in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. Please refer to “ Summary Consolidated Financial Data — Adjusted EBITDA ” in this prospectus for a discussion of the limitations of adjusted EBITDA and reconciliations of adjusted EBITDA to income from continuing operations, net of income taxes, the most comparable GAAP measurements, respectively, for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. We exclude certain non -recurring or non -cash items when calculating Adjusted EBITDA, and we believe this approach provides a more meaningful measure by offering a clearer view of our underlying operational performance. Components of Operating Results Revenues While we generate our revenue primarily from small employers and insurance carriers, we grow our business primarily fr