—Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure and This Offering—In certain circumstances, payments under the tax receivable agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual tax benefits we realize.” Decisions made in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers and other forms of business combinations that constitute changes in control, may influence the timing and amount 59 of payments we make under the tax receivable agreement in a manner that does not correspond to our use of the corresponding tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the tax receivable agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. Payments are generally due under the tax receivable agreement within a specified period of time following the filing of our tax return for the taxable year with respect to which the payment obligation arises, although interest on such payments will begin to accrue at a rate of LIBOR plus 100 basis points from the due date (without extensions) of such tax return. Late payments generally accrue interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 500 basis points. Because of our structure, our ability to make payments under the tax receivable agreement is dependent on the ability of HLA to make distributions to us. The ability of HLA to make such distributions will be subject to, among other things, restrictions in the Term Loan and Security Agreement and Revolving Loan and Security Agreement entered into on August 23, 2017 by and between HLA and First Republic Bank, copies of which have been filed with the SEC and are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. If we are unable to make payments under the tax receivable agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. Payments under the tax receivable agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine. Although we are not aware of any material issue that would cause the IRS to challenge a tax basis increase, we will not, in the event of such a challenge, be reimbursed for any payments previously made under the tax receivable agreement (although we would reduce future amounts otherwise payable under the tax receivable agreement). No assurance can be given that the IRS will agree with the allocation of value among our assets or that sufficient subsequent payments under the tax receivable agreement will be available to offset prior payments for disallowed benefits. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under the tax receivable agreement in excess of the benefit that we actually realize in respect of the increases in tax basis resulting from our purchases or exchanges of membership units of HLA and certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the tax receivable agreement. Exchange Agreement In connection with the IPO and the Reorganization, we entered into an exchange agreement with the other members of HLA that entitles those members (and certain permitted transferees thereof, including the beneficial owners of the Class B units and Class C units) to exchange their Class C units, and their Class B units together with an equal number of shares of Class B common stock, for shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or, at our election, for cash. In February 2018, the parties to the exchange agreement amended it to facilitate cash settlements using the proceeds of offerings such as this one. The exchange agreement permits those members to exercise their exchange rights subject to certain timing and other conditions. In particular, exchanges by our senior management and other senior employees are subject to timing and volume limitations: no exchanges are permitted until February 28, 2018, the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration statement filed in connection with our IPO, and then exchanges may not exceed one-third of their original holdings prior to the second anniversary and two-thirds of their original holdings prior to the third anniversary. After the third anniversary of the effective date, these limitations expire. These limitations do not apply to exchanges by our other employees who own Class B units or Class C units or holders who may sell freely under Rule 144, subject to compliance with our corporate policies, including periodic blackout periods imposed by us. 60 In addition, the exchange agreement provides that an owner does not have the right to exchange Class B units or Class C units if we determine that such exchange would be prohibited by law or regulation or would violate other agreements with HLA to which the owner is subject. We may impose additional restrictions on exchanges that we determine to be necessary or advisable so that HLA is not treated as a “publicly traded partnership” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any beneficial holder exchanging Class B units must ensure that the applicable Class B Holder delivers a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock to us for redemption and cancellation as a condition of exercising its right to exchange Class B units for shares of our Class A common stock. When a Class B unit or Class C unit is surrendered for exchange, it will not be available for reissuance. Stockholders Agreement Certain Class B Holders who are significant outside investors, members of management and significant employee owners entered into a stockholders agreement with the Company and HLA in connection with the IPO and the Reorganization pursuant to which they agreed to vote all their shares of voting stock, including Class A and Class B common stock, together and in accordance with the instructions of HLAI on any matter submitted to our common stockholders for a vote. Under the stockholders agreement, these holders agreed to take all necessary action, including casting all votes such members are entitled to cast at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, so as to ensure that the composition of our board of directors and its committees complies with the provisions of the stockholders agreement related to the composition of our board of directors, which are discussed under Part III, Item 10, “Management—Composition of the Board of Directors” of the 2017 Form 10-K incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Following this offering, HLAI will hold approximately 51.1% (or 51.0% if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock in full) of the aggregate voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Following this offering, the parties to the stockholders agreement will collectively hold 91.3% (or 91.0% if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock in full) of the aggregate voting power of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The governing documents of HLAI require generally the approval of two of Messrs. Giannini, Rogers, and Sexton for those votes to be cast in favor of certain fundamental actions, including a material acquisition, an increase in our authorized capital, and an issuance of preferred stock. Otherwise, HLAI is controlled by its managing member, an entity controlled by Mr. Rogers. As a result of these arrangements, HLAI, its current members, and their permitted transferees control the outcome of any such matters that are submitted to our stockholders for the foreseeable future. Registration Rights Agreement In connection with the IPO and the Reorganization, we entered into a registration rights agreement with certain Class B Holders who are significant outside investors, members of management and significant employee owners. The registration rights agreement provides these holders with certain registration rights whereby, at any time following the first anniversary of our IPO, these holders will have the right to require us to register under the Securities Act the shares of Class A common stock issuable to them upon exchange of their Class B units or Class C units. The registration rights agreement also provides for piggyback registration rights for these holders, subject to certain conditions and exceptions. 61 Indemnification Agreements Our bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, subject to certain exceptions contained in our bylaws. In addition, our certificate of incorporation, provides that our directors will not be liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and directors. The indemnification agreements provide the executive officers and directors with contractual rights to indemnification, and expense advancement and reimbursement, to the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL, subject to certain exceptions contained in those agreements. There is no pending litigation or proceeding naming any of our directors or officers to which indemnification is being sought, and we are not aware of any pending litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director or officer. Directed Share Program In connection with our IPO, the underwriters reserved a certain amount of shares of our Class A common stock for sale in the IPO to directors, officers, employees and other related individuals (the “Directed Share Program”). David Berkman participated in the Directed Share Program, in his capacity as a private investor, and purchased 25,000 shares of our Class A common stock for his personal account at the IPO price of $16.00 per share, for a total of $400,000. Mr. Berkman subsequently joined our board of directors in May 2017. Related-Party Transaction Approval Policy Our audit committee has 