—Risks Related to Regulation and Litigation— We are involved in numerous litigation matters that are expensive and time consuming, and, if resolved adversely, could harm our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations ” for more information about the Early 2021 Trading Restrictions and the March 2020 Outages. Unfavorable publicity has in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, our reputation. As our platform continues to scale and public awareness of our brand increases, any future issues that draw adverse media coverage could have an amplified negative effect on our reputation and brand. Any such negative publicity could have an adverse effect on our growth rate or the size, engagement and loyalty of our customer base, as well as on our ability to recruit and retain personnel, and result in decreased revenue or revenue growth rates, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Regulation and Litigation Our business is subject to extensive, complex and changing laws and regulations, and related regulatory proceedings and investigations. Changes in these laws and regulations, or our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, could harm our business. The securities industry is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and non-U.S. regulators and SROs, and broker-dealers and financial services companies are subject to laws and regulations covering all aspects of the securities industry. The substantial costs and uncertainties related to complying with these regulations continue to increase, and our introduction of new products or services, expansion of our business in certain jurisdictions or subindustries, acquisitions of other businesses that operate in similar regulated spaces or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations or other government or regulatory scrutiny. Regulations are intended to ensure the integrity of financial markets, appropriate capitalization of broker-dealers and other financial services companies and the protection of customers and their assets. These regulations may serve to limit our business activities through capital, customer protection and market conduct requirements, as well as restrictions on the activities that we are authorized to conduct. Federal, state and non-U.S. regulators and SROs, including the SEC and FINRA, among other things, can investigate, censure or fine us, issue cease-and-desist orders or otherwise restrict our 44 operations, require changes to our business practices, products or services, limit our acquisition activities or suspend or expel a broker-dealer or any of its officers or employees. Similarly, state attorneys general and other state regulators, including state securities and financial services regulators, can bring legal actions on behalf of the citizens of their states to assure compliance with state laws. In addition, criminal authorities such as state attorneys general or the U.S. Department of Justice may institute civil or criminal proceedings against us for violating applicable laws, rules, or regulations. We operate in a highly regulated industry and, despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, like all companies in our industry, we must adapt to frequent changes in laws and regulations, and face complexity in interpreting and applying evolving laws and regulations to our business, heightened scrutiny of the conduct of financial services firms and increasing penalties for violations of applicable laws and regulations. We may fail to establish and enforce procedures that comply with applicable legal requirements and regulations. We may be adversely affected by new laws or regulations, changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations or more rigorous enforcement. For example, the practice of PFOF may be limited substantially by new or revised laws or regulations, which would materially decrease our transaction-based revenue, or banned entirely, which could require us to make significant changes to our revenue model, and such changes may not be successful. A discussion draft of a bill that would prohibit PFOF was introduced on May 3, 2021, in the House of Representatives, Committee on Financial Services. We also may be adversely affected by other regulatory changes related to our obligations with regard to suitability of financial products, supervision, sales practices, application of fiduciary or best interest standards (including the interpretation of what constitutes an “investment recommendation” for the purposes of the SEC’s “Regulation Best Interest” and state securities laws) and best execution in the context of our business and market structure, any of which could limit our business, increase our costs and damage our reputation. We are also subject to laws, rules, regulations, policies, industry standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and security, and we may be subject to litigation, regulatory proceedings or other investigations regarding any actual or perceived non-compliance with such obligations. For more information, see “—Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy —We are subject to stringent laws, rules, regulations, policies, industry standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and security and may be subject to additional related laws and regulations in jurisdictions into which we expand. Many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and reinterpretation and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations or other harm to our business. ” We have been subject to regulatory investigations, actions and settlements and we expect to continue to be subject to such proceedings in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner materially adverse to our business. From time to time, we have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to legal and regulatory proceedings arising out of our business practices and operations, including lawsuits, arbitration claims, governmental subpoenas, and regulatory, governmental and SRO inquiries, examinations, investigations and enforcement proceedings, as well as other actions and claims. For example, in May 2019, the SEC’s Division of Enforcement commenced an investigation into best execution and PFOF practices of our subsidiary, RHF, as well as statements concerning its sources of revenue, including the fact that, in FAQs on our website describing how it made money, and in certain communications with customers addressing the same issue, RHF had omitted PFOF when it described its revenue sources. On December 17, 2020, RHF, on a neither admit nor deny basis, consented to the entry of an SEC order (i) requiring RHF to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Sections 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act and Section 17(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 17a-4 thereunder; (ii) censuring RHF; and (iii) requiring RHF to pay a $65 million civil penalty in December 2020. RHF paid the $65 million penalty in cash and also agreed to engage an independent compliance consultant to, among other things, perform a comprehensive review of RHF’s supervisory, compliance and other policies and procedures related to its retail communications and PFOF and make recommendations for 45 improvements.  As a result of the cease-and-desist order, we are now considered an “ineligible issuer” as defined under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. See also “— As a result of our recent settlement with the SEC, we are currently considered an ‘ineligible issuer,’ which limits our ability to use certain free writing prospectuses in securities offerings and will delay our ability to qualify as a ‘well-known seasoned issuer’ in the future ” below. Additionally, in December 2019, FINRA brought a disciplinary action against RHF in connection with alleged noncompliance with best execution rules during the 2016 to 2017 timeframe, which resulted in a settlement and payment by RHF of a $1.25 million fine. We have also accrued as accounts payable and accrued expenses on the condensed consolidated balance sheets for the three months ended March 31, 2021 of (i) a $57.0 million fine and a $4.5 million customer restitution to be paid in connection with an agreement-in-principle RHF had reached with FINRA to resolve, on a no admit, no deny basis, certain of FINRA’s investigations and examinations, including investigations into systems outages, RHF’s options product offering, and margin-related communications with customers, among others (the “FINRA Matters”), and (ii) $15 million representing our best estimate at the time of our probable losses in connection with the resolution of an NYDFS matter focused primarily on anti-money laundering and cybersecurity-related issues (the “NYDFS Matter”). With respect to the FINRA Matters, the parties have since reached a resolution, in connection with which, among other things, RHF will pay a fine and customer restitution and engage an independent consultant. With respect to the NYDFS Matter, the parties have since reached a settlement in principle, subject to final documentation, in connection with which, among other things, RHC will pay a monetary penalty and engage a monitor. See “Business—Legal Proceedings” and Note 13 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31, 2021, included elsewhere in this prospectus for more information about these matters. See also Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, included elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition, we have been subject, and, given the highly regulated nature of the industries in which we operate, expect that we will be subject in 