See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 of this prospectus, as well as other information included in this prospectus, for a discussion of factors you should read and consider carefully before investing in our securities. Nasdaq Capital Markets symbol Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Markets under the symbol “HOTH”. There is no established trading market for the Warrants and we do not expect a trading market to develop. We do not intend to list the Common Warrants on any securities exchange or other trading market. Without a trading market, the liquidity of the Warrants will be extremely limited. The number of shares of our
Common Stock to be outstanding after this offering as shown above is based on 4,888,804 shares outstanding as of April 1, 2024 and excludes
as of that date: ● 5,267,523 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with a weighted average exercise price of $2.59; ● 617,362 shares of common
    stock issuable upon exercise of options with a weighted average exercise price of $7.86; and ● 133,275 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 5 RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. This prospectus contains a discussion of the risks applicable to an investment in our securities. Prior
to deciding about investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the specific factors discussed within this prospectus. The
risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our operations. The occurrence of any of these known or unknown risks might cause
you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and
Need for Capital We have generated no revenue from commercial
sales to date and our future profitability is uncertain. We were incorporated in May
2017 and have a limited operating history and our business is subject to all of the risks inherent in the establishment of a new business
enterprise. Our likelihood of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently
encountered in connection with development and expansion of a new business enterprise. Since inception, we have incurred losses and expect
to continue to operate at a net loss for at least the next several years as we commence our research and development efforts, conduct
clinical trials and develop manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution capabilities. Our net losses for the years ended December
31, 2023 and 2022 were $7.8 million and $11.4 million, respectively, and our accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 was
$52.9 million and $45.1 million, respectively. There can be no assurance that the products under development by us will be approved for
sale in the U.S. or elsewhere. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that if such products are approved they will be successfully commercialized,
and the extent of our future losses and the timing of our profitability are highly uncertain. If we are unable to achieve profitability,
we may be unable to continue our operations. If we fail to obtain the capital necessary
to fund our operations, we will be unable to continue or complete our product development and you will likely lose your entire investment. We will need to continue to
seek capital from time to time to continue development of our product candidates. We cannot provide any assurances that any revenues that
we may generate in the future will be sufficient to fund our ongoing operations. We believe that we will need to raise substantial additional
capital to fund our operations and the development and commercialization of our product candidates. Our business or operations
may change in a manner that may consume available funds more rapidly than anticipated and substantial additional funding may be required
to maintain operations, fund expansion, commercialize our product candidates, develop new or enhanced products, acquire complementary
products, business or technologies or otherwise respond to competitive pressures and opportunities, such as a change in the regulatory
environment or a change in preferred treatment modalities. In addition, we may need to accelerate the growth of our sales capabilities
and distribution beyond what is currently envisioned, and this would require additional capital. However, we may not be able to secure
funding on favorable terms, if at all. If we cannot raise adequate
funds to satisfy our capital requirements, we may have to delay, scale back or eliminate our research and development activities, clinical
studies or operations. We may also be required to obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators, which arrangements may require
us to relinquish rights to certain intellectual property, technologies or products that we otherwise would not consider relinquishing,
including rights to future product candidates or certain major geographic markets. This could result in sharing revenues which we might
otherwise retain for ourselves. Any of these actions may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 6 The amount of capital we may need depends on many
factors, including the progress, timing and scope of our product development programs; the progress, timing and scope of our pre-clinical
studies and clinical trials; the time and cost necessary to obtain regulatory approvals; the time and cost necessary to further develop
manufacturing processes and arrange for contract manufacturing; our ability to enter into and maintain collaborative, licensing and other
commercial relationships; and our partners’ commitment of time and resources to the development and commercialization of our products. Even if we can raise additional funding,
we may be required to do so on terms that are dilutive to you. The capital markets have been
unpredictable in the recent past for unprofitable companies such as ours. The amount of capital that a company such as ours is able to
raise often depends on variables that are beyond our control. As a result, we may not be able to secure financing on terms attractive
to us, or at all. If we are able to consummate a financing arrangement, the amount raised may not be sufficient to meet our future needs.
If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, including our results of operations, financial condition
and our continued viability will be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Product Development, Regulatory
Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization We are dependent upon the clinical success
of our licensed products and technologies. If we are unable to generate revenues from our licensed products and technologies, our ability
to create shareholder value may be limited. We do not currently generate
revenues from any of our product candidates, and we may not be successful in obtaining regulatory approvals to commence our clinical trials.
If we do not obtain such approvals, the time in which we expect to commence clinical programs for our product candidates will be extended
and such extension may increase our expenses and our need for additional capital. Moreover, there is no guarantee that our clinical trials
will be successful or that we will continue clinical development in support of an approval from the regulatory agencies for any indication.
We note that most drug candidates never reach the clinical stage and even those that do commence clinical development have only a small
chance of successfully completing clinical development and gaining regulatory approval. Therefore, our business currently depends entirely
on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, which may never occur. Although we have entered into the Voltron
Agreement pursuant to which we and HaloVax, LLC (“HaloVax”) intend to jointly develop products to prevent COVID-19, no assurance
can be given as to when, if ever, we will be able to develop any products for such purpose and if developed that such products will be
successfully commercialized. In March 2020, we entered
into the Voltron Agreement pursuant to which we and HaloVax will work to jointly develop potential products candidates to prevent COVID-19;
however, no assurance can be given as to when, if ever, we will be able to develop any products for such purpose. Furthermore, we are
subject to risks including, but not limited to, the following with respect to the development of a treatment for COVID-19: ● the EUA marketing approval processes of the FDA are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable, and we cannot guarantee that we will ever have a marketable product ● we may encounter substantial delays in completing our clinical studies which in turn will require additional costs, or we may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities; ● conducting successful clinical studies may require the enrollment of large numbers of patients, and suitable patients may be difficult to identify and recruit; ● to be commercially successful, physicians must be persuaded that using our products are effective alternatives to other existing therapies and treatments; 7 ● we may depend on third parties for manufacturing our proposed product candidates and any conflicts with such partners could delay or prevent the development or commercialization of such product candidates; ● if third-party contract manufacturers upon whom we rely to formulate and manufacture our product candidates do not perform, fail to manufacture according to our specifications or fail to comply with strict regulations, our clinical studies could be adversely affected and the development of our product cand