An investment in our common stock involves a high degree
of risk and many uncertainties. You should carefully consider the specific factors listed below together with the other information included in this prospectus before purchasing our common stock in this offering. If any of the possibilities
described as risks below actually occurs, our operating results and financial condition would likely suffer and the trading price of our common stock could fall, causing you to lose some or all of your investment. The following is a description of
what we consider the key challenges and material risks to our business and an investment in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business We have a limited operating history, and our business and future prospects are difficult to evaluate. We began operations in August 2012 and wrote our first
policy in November 2012. Due to our limited operating history, our ability to execute our business strategy is materially uncertain and our operations and prospects are subject to all risks inherent in a developing business enterprise. Our limited
operating history also makes it difficult to evaluate our long term commercial viability. As a new business, we must work to establish and develop successful operating procedures, hire staff, tailor and fine-tune our information management and other
systems, maintain adequate control of our expenses, develop business relationships, implement our marketing strategies (and adapt and modify them as needed), establish a positive image and reputation in the community, and take any other steps
necessary to conduct our business. As a result of these challenges, it is possible that we may not be successful in implementing our business strategy or completing the development of the infrastructure necessary to expand our business. Our loss reserves are estimates and may be inadequate
to cover our actual liability for losses, causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. We maintain reserves to cover our estimated ultimate liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses, also referred to as loss
reserves. As a new company, we have a limited operating history and a limited loss history which may negatively impact our ability to accurately establish loss reserves. Our current loss reserves are based primarily on industry historical data and
statistical projections of what we believe the resolution and administration of claims will cost based on facts and circumstances then known to us. As a new company, our claims experience and our experience with the risks related to certain claims
is inherently limited, and we must rely heavily on industry historical data, which may not be indicative of future periods. As a result, our projections and our estimates may be inaccurate, which in turn may cause our actual losses to exceed our
loss reserves. If our actual losses exceed our loss reserves, our financial results, our ability to expand our business and to compete in the property and casualty insurance industry may be negatively affected. Factors that affect unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses include the estimates made on a claim-by-claim basis known as “case reserves” coupled with bulk estimates known as “incurred but not yet reported” (or “IBNR”). Periodic estimates by management of the ultimate
costs required to resolve all claims are based on our analysis of historical data and estimations of the impact of numerous factors such as (i) per claim information; (ii) industry and company historical loss experience and development
patterns; (iii) legislative enactments, judicial decisions, legal developments in the awarding of damages and changes in political attitudes; and (iv) trends in general economic conditions, including the effects of inflation. Management
revises its estimates based on the results of its analysis. This process assumes that past experience, adjusted for the effects of current developments and anticipated trends, is an appropriate basis for estimating the ultimate resolution of all
claims. There is no precise method for subsequently evaluating the impact of any specific factor on the adequacy of the reserves, because the eventual redundancy or deficiency is affected by multiple factors. Because of the inherent uncertainties in the reserving
process, we cannot be certain that our reserves will be adequate to cover our actual losses and loss adjustment expenses. If our reserves for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses are less than actual losses and loss adjustment expenses, we
will be required to increase 13 Table of Contents our reserves with a corresponding reduction in our net income in the period in which the deficiency is identified. Future loss experience substantially in excess of our reserves for unpaid losses
and loss adjustment expenses could substantially harm our results of operations and financial condition. Because we conduct our business in Florida only, any single catastrophic event, or a series of such events, or other condition
affecting losses in Florida could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We currently conduct our insurance business in Florida only. The distribution of our policies is generally consistent with that of
Florida’s population and is therefore more concentrated in densely-populated coastal areas. A single catastrophic event, or a series of such events, destructive weather pattern, general economic trend, regulatory development or other condition
specifically affecting Florida, particularly the more densely populated areas of the state, could have a disproportionately adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we actively manage our exposure to
catastrophic events through our underwriting process and the purchase of reinsurance, the fact that our business is concentrated in Florida subjects us to increased exposure to certain catastrophic events and destructive weather patterns such as
hurricanes, tropical storms and tornadoes. Changes in the prevailing regulatory, legal, economic, political, demographic and competitive environment, and other conditions in Florida could also make it less attractive for us to do business in Florida
and would have a more pronounced effect on our business than it would on other insurance companies that are more geographically diversified than we are. Since our business is concentrated in this manner, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic
events or other conditions affecting losses in Florida could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have exposure to unpredictable catastrophes, which can materially and adversely affect our financial results. We write insurance policies that cover homeowners and
condominium owners for losses that result from, among other things, catastrophes. We are therefore subject to losses, including claims under policies we have assumed or written, arising out of catastrophes that may have a significant effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. A significant catastrophe, or a series of catastrophes, could also have an adverse effect on our reinsurers. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, tropical
storms, tornadoes, earthquakes, hailstorms, explosions, power outages, fires and by man-made events, such as terrorist attacks. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a
function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected and the severity of the event. Our policyholders are currently concentrated in Florida, which is especially subject to adverse weather conditions such as hurricanes and
tropical storms. Therefore, although we attempt to manage our exposure to catastrophes through our underwriting process and the purchase of reinsurance protection, an especially severe catastrophe or series of catastrophes could exceed our
reinsurance protection and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In total, for the period from June 1, 2013 through May 31, 2014, we have purchased $721.0 million of reinsurance coverage, including
our retention, for multiple catastrophic events. We are in the process of placing our reinsurance program for the period from June 1, 2014 through May 31, 2015, which will include our catastrophe reinsurance agreement with Citrus Re Ltd. and its
issuance of $150.0 million of catastrophe bonds. See “Business—Reinsurance—2014-2015 Reinsurance Program.” Our ability to access this coverage, however, is subject to the severity and frequency of such events. As of December 31,
2013, our total insured value was $33.5 billion, and we may experience significant losses and loss adjustment expenses in excess of our retention. Our results of operations may fluctuate significantly based on industry factors as well as our participation in the Citizens
depopulation program. The insurance
business historically has been a cyclical industry characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excess underwriting capacity, as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted an increase in pricing. As premium levels increase,
there may be new entrants to the market, which could then lead to increased competition, a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms and fewer opportunities to underwrite insurance risks, which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of 14 Table of Contents operations and cash flows. In addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers, including changes resulting from multiple and/or
catastrophic hurricanes, may affect the cycles of the insurance business significantly. We cannot predict whether market conditions will improve, remain constant or deteriorate. Negative