This offering involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider
the risks described below and the other information in this prospectus before
you decide to invest in shares of our common stock.

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS MODEL

OUR LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY MAKES EVALUATING OUR BUSINESS DIFFICULT.

     Although we were incorporated in 1990, we did not initiate our online
operations until March 1999. As a result, we have only a limited operating
history on which you can base an evaluation of our business and prospects. Our
prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and
difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of
development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets like
ours. Our failure to successfully address these risks and uncertainties could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Some of these risks
and uncertainties relate to our ability to:

     - attract and maintain a large base of end users;

     - develop and introduce desirable services and compelling content;

     - establish and maintain strategic relationships with content and
       distribution partners;

     - establish and maintain relationships with sponsors and advertisers;

     - respond effectively to competitive and technological developments; and

     - further develop our infrastructure, including additional hardware and
       software, customer support, personnel and facilities, to support our
       business.

WE ARE COMPETING IN A NEW MARKET WHICH MAY NOT DEVELOP OR IN WHICH WE MAY FAIL
TO GAIN MARKET ACCEPTANCE.

     The market for online continuing education and training in the healthcare
industry is new and rapidly evolving. As a result, uncertainty as to the level
of demand and market acceptance exposes us to a high degree of risk. We cannot
assure you that the healthcare community will accept online continuing education
and training as a replacement for, or alternative to, traditional sources of
continuing education and training. Market acceptance of online continuing
education and training depends upon continued growth in the use of the Internet
generally and, in particular, as a source of continuing education and training
services. If the market for online continuing education and training fails to
develop, develops more slowly than expected or becomes saturated with
competitors, or our services do not achieve or sustain market acceptance, our
business will suffer.

FAILURE TO EFFECTIVELY MANAGE GROWTH OF OUR OPERATIONS AND INFRASTRUCTURE COULD
DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND PREVENT US FROM GENERATING THE REVENUES WE EXPECT.

     We currently are experiencing a period of expansion in our end user
traffic, personnel, facilities and infrastructure. Our number of employees
nearly doubled between December 31, 1998 and September 30, 1999. In addition, we
anticipate a rapid expansion in end user traffic on our Web site and the
co-branded Web sites we operate with our distribution partners. To manage our
growth, we must successfully implement, constantly improve and effectively
utilize our operational and financial systems while aggressively expanding our
workforce. We must also maintain and strengthen the breadth and depth of our
current strategic relationships while rapidly developing new relationships. Our
existing or planned operational and financial systems may not be sufficient to
support our growth, and our management may not be able to effectively identify,
manage and exploit existing and emerging market opportunities. If our potential
growth is not adequately managed, our business will suffer.

                                        5 9

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO MAINTAIN OUR EXISTING RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR CONTENT
PROVIDERS OR TO BUILD NEW RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER CONTENT PROVIDERS.

     Our success depends significantly on our ability to maintain our existing
relationships with the publishers and authors who provide continuing education
and training content for our library and our ability to build new relationships
with other content partners. Many of our agreements with publishers and authors
are non-exclusive, and our competitors offer, or could offer, continuing
education and training content that is similar to or the same as ours. If
publishers and authors, including our current content partners, offer
information to users or our competitors on more favorable terms than those
offered to us, our competitive position and our profit margins and prospects
could be harmed. In addition, the failure by our content partners to deliver
high-quality content and to continuously upgrade their content in response to
user demand and evolving healthcare advances and trends could result in user
dissatisfaction and inhibit our ability to attract users.

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO MAINTAIN OUR EXISTING RELATIONSHIPS WITH OUR DISTRIBUTION
PARTNERS OR TO BUILD NEW RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHER DISTRIBUTION PARTNERS.

     If we are not successful in developing and enhancing our relationships with
distribution partners, we could become less competitive and our revenues could
decline. We formed our existing relationships recently, and our distribution
partners may not view their relationships with us as significant to the success
of their business. As a result, they may reassess their commitment to us or
decide to compete directly with us in the future. We generally do not have
agreements that prohibit our distribution partners from competing against us
directly or from contracting with our competitors. Arrangements with our
distribution partners generally do not establish minimum performance
requirements, but instead rely on the voluntary efforts of our distribution
partners. As a result, these relationships may not be successful.

OUR FUTURE SUCCESS DEPENDS IN PART ON REVENUES FROM SPONSORSHIPS AND, TO A
LESSER EXTENT, ADVERTISING, AND THE ACCEPTANCE AND EFFECTIVENESS OF INTERNET
SPONSORSHIP AND ADVERTISING IS UNCERTAIN.

     We plan to derive significant revenues from sponsorships and, to a lesser
extent, the sale of advertisements, in conjunction with our online continuing
education and training services. The market for corporate sponsorship and
advertising on the Internet is new and rapidly evolving. Many sponsors and
advertisers have limited experience with Internet sponsorship and advertising,
and may ultimately conclude that Internet sponsorship and advertising are not
effective relative to traditional sponsorship and advertising opportunities. As
a result, the market for sponsorship or advertising on the Internet may not
continue to emerge or become sustainable. This makes it difficult to project our
future sponsorship and advertising revenues and rates. If the market for
Internet sponsorship or advertising fails to develop or develops more slowly
than we expect, our business will suffer.

WITHOUT THE CONTINUED DEVELOPMENT AND MAINTENANCE OF THE INTERNET AND THE
AVAILABILITY OF INCREASED BANDWIDTH TO CONSUMERS, OUR BUSINESS MAY NOT SUCCEED.

     Given the online nature of our business, without the continued development
and maintenance of the Internet infrastructure, we could fail to meet our
overall strategic objectives and ultimately fail to generate the user traffic
and revenues we expect. This continued development of the Internet includes
maintenance of a reliable network with the necessary speed, data capacity and
security, as well as timely development of complementary products for providing
reliable Internet access and services. Because commerce on the Internet and the
online exchange of information is new and evolving, we cannot predict whether
the Internet will prove to be a viable commercial marketplace in the long term.

     The success of our business will rely on the continued improvement of the
Internet as a convenient and efficient means of information and content
distribution. Our business will depend on the ability of our end users to access
and use our courseware, as well as to conduct commercial transactions with us,
without significant delays or aggravation that may be associated with decreased
availability of Internet bandwidth

                                        6 10

and access to our Web sites. Our penetration of a broader consumer market will
depend, in part, on continued proliferation of high speed Internet access.

     The Internet has experienced, and is likely to continue to experience,
significant growth in the numbers of users and amount of traffic. As the
Internet continues to experience increased numbers of users, increased frequency
of use and increased bandwidth requirements, the Internet infrastructure may be
unable to support the demands placed on it. In addition, increased users or
bandwidth requirements may impair the performance of the Internet. The Internet
has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to
portions of its infrastructure, and it could face outages and delays in the
future. This might include outages and delays resulting from the "Year 2000"
problem. See "-- The Year 2000 problem may adversely affect our business" for a
more complete discussion of this risk. These outages and delays could reduce the
level of Internet usage as well as the level of traffic, and could result in the
Internet becoming an inconvenient or uneconomical source of continuing education
and training. The infrastructure and complementary products or services
necessary to make the Internet a viable educational media and commercial
marketplace for the long term may not be developed successfully or in a timely
manner. Even if these products or services are developed, the Internet may not
become a viable educational medium and commercial marketplace for the services
that we offer.

WE MAY BE UNABLE TO IMPLEMENT OUR ACQUISITION GROWTH STRATEGY, WHICH COULD HAVE
AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS AND COMPETITIVE POSITION IN THE INDUSTRY.

     Our business strategy inc