Investing in our common stock involves substantial risk. For a discussion of risks relating to Hertz, our business and investment in our common stock, see the section titled “Risk Factors” and all other information set forth in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus before investing in our common stock. Proposed Nasdaq trading symbol HTZ The number of shares of common stock outstanding after this offering is based on 471,528,799 shares of our common stock outstanding as of October 7, 2021 and excludes: • 88,891,915 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding as of October 7, 2021 to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of $13.80 per share that expire on June 30, 2051; and ​ • shares that may be issued pursuant to a management equity incentive plan (the “MEIP”) for 10% of the common stock of the reorganized Company that was approved by the Bankruptcy Court. We anticipate the approval and implementation of the MEIP, but as of the date of this prospectus the MEIP has not been established. ​ ​ 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves risk. If any of the risks described below or in any document incorporated by reference herein actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely suffer. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline and an investor in our common stock could lose all or part of their investment. You should consider carefully all of the information set forth in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein, and, in particular, the risk factors described in the 2020 Form 10-K and the Q2 2021 Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The risks described in any document incorporated by reference herein are not the only ones we face, but are considered to be the most material. There may be other unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on our future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Risks Related to Our Emergence from Chapter 11 Bankruptcy We recently emerged from bankruptcy, which could adversely affect our business and relationships. Our having filed for bankruptcy, notwithstanding our recent emergence from the Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings, could adversely affect our business and relationships with customers, vendors, royalty or working interest owners, contractors, employees or suppliers. Due to uncertainties, many risks exist, including the following: • the ability to attract, motivate, and/or retain key executives and employees may be adversely affected; ​ • employees may be more easily attracted to other employment opportunities; and ​ • competitors may take business away from us, and our ability to retain customers may be negatively impacted. ​ The occurrence of one or more of these events could have a material and adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and reputation and we cannot assure you that having been subject to bankruptcy proceedings will not adversely affect our operations in the future . Upon our emergence from bankruptcy, our Board of Directors was reconstituted and may implement changes in our business strategy that could affect the scope and results of our operations. Our corporate business strategy is subject to continued development, evaluation and implementation by our management and Board of Directors. In connection with the effectiveness of the Plan in the Chapter 11 Cases, the Company’s Board of Directors was reconstituted, and the Board is now made up of nine directors, of which eight directors did not serve on the former Board. We may also add up to two additional members in the future. The new directors have different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives from those individuals who previously served on the board of directors of the Company at the time of the commencement of the Chapter 11 Cases and, thus, may have different views on the issues that will determine our future, including our strategic plans and priorities. The Board of Directors, as reconstituted, together with our interim CEO, may determine, from time to time, to implement changes in our business strategy which may affect our operations. There is, however, no guarantee that the strategic initiatives and plans, whether current or future, of the Board of Directors will be implemented in a timely manner or at all and, consequently, there is no guarantee that the operational and financial objectives of the reconstituted Board of Directors will be achieved in a timely manner or at all. The ability to attract and retain key personnel is critical to the success of our business and may be affected by our emergence from bankruptcy. The success of our business depends on key personnel. The ability to attract and retain these key personnel may be affected by our emergence from bankruptcy, the uncertainties currently facing the business and changes we may make to the organizational structure to adjust to changing circumstances. Any potential delays in adopting our management incentive plan and other executive benefits and compensation may make it difficult to retain key personnel and we may need to enter into retention or other arrangements 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS that could be costly to maintain. If executives, managers or other key personnel resign, retire or are terminated, or their service is otherwise interrupted, we may not be able to replace them in a timely manner and we could experience significant declines in productivity. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards (“NOLs”) may be limited as a result of our emergence from bankruptcy. In general, Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “IRC”), provides an annual limitation with respect to the ability of a corporation to utilize its NOLs and other tax attributes, as well as certain built-in-losses (“BILs”), against future taxable income in the event of a change in ownership. Our emergence from Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings resulted in a change in ownership for purposes of the IRC Section 382. The Company is performing an analysis to determine the potential impact this ownership change may have on our future ability to utilize our NOLs, other tax attributes, and BILs. Limitations imposed on our ability to use NOLs, other attributes, and BILs to offset future taxable income may cause U.S. federal income taxes to be paid earlier than otherwise would be paid if such limitations were not in effect and could cause such NOLs and other attributes to expire unused. Similar rules and limitations apply for state income tax purposes. We have a substantial amount of debt, which could impair our financial condition. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of June 30, 2021, we had a total indebtedness of approximately $8,549 million, including $7,035 million of vehicle related debt and $1,514 million of non-vehicle debt. In addition, we would be able to incur an additional approximately $2,255 million of indebtedness under one or more incremental facilities, subject to certain thresholds as described in the Credit Agreement, including estimated available borrowing capacity of $1,255 million under the Revolving Loan Facility. Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness could have other important consequences to you and significant effects on our business. For example, it could: • limit our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or acquisitions and other purposes; ​ • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt, which would reduce the funds available to us for other purposes; ​ • make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions, in government regulation and in our business; ​ • expose us to risks inherent in interest rate fluctuations because some of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which could result in higher interest expenses in the event of increases in interest rates; and ​ • make it more difficult to satisfy our obligations. ​ Our ability to satisfy and manage our debt obligations depends on our ability to generate cash flow and on overall financial market conditions. To some extent, this is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to permit us to pay principal, premium, if any, or interest on our debt obligations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt obligations and meet our other cash needs, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell or curtail assets or operations, seek additional capital, or seek to restructure or refinance our indebtedness. If we must sell or curtail our assets or operations, it may negatively affect our ability to generate revenue. Risks Related to Our Common Stock and This Offering A significant portion of our total issued and outstanding common stock is eligible to be sold into the market in the near future, which could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares of common stock intend to sell, could redu