You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to all other information provided to you in this prospectus before
making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may
also materially and adversely affect our business operations. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. Risks Related to Our Business We have a history of losses and may incur losses in the future, which could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We have incurred net losses in each of the last five fiscal years and in the nine months ended September 30, 2004, and we had an accumulated deficit of
$1,470 million as of September 30, 2004. We will need to generate additional revenues and/or significantly reduce costs, including interest expense, in order to avoid additional net
losses in future periods. If we do achieve profitability, we may not sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Failure to achieve or maintain profitability may materially and
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our available cash and access to additional capital may be limited by our substantial leverage, which could restrict our ability to grow our businesses. Following this offering, we will have a substantial amount of indebtedness outstanding at our subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2004, on a pro forma as
adjusted basis, we had total consolidated
outstanding indebtedness of approximately $5,128.1 million (including the current portion of long-term debt). We may incur substantial additional debt from time to time for a
variety of purposes. Our outstanding debt could have important consequences for our businesses, including: • a
high degree of debt will make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our businesses, our industry or the economy in general as a significant percentage of our cash flow from
operations will be required to make payments on our indebtedness, making it more difficult to react to changes in our business and in market or industry conditions; • a
substantial portion of our future cash flow from operations may be required to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on indebtedness, thereby reducing the
funds available for other purposes, including the growth of our businesses and the payment of dividends; • our
ability to obtain additional financing may be constrained due to our existing level of debt; and • part
of our indebtedness is, and any future debt may be, subject to variable interest rates, which makes us vulnerable to increases in interest rates. The
existing debt instruments of our subsidiaries contain restrictive covenants that may limit our ability to utilize our cash flow to operate our businesses by restricting our
subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, make prepayments of certain debt, pay dividends to us, make investments and merge or consolidate and transfer or sell assets. If
we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or are otherwise unable to obtain the funds required to meet payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise
fail to comply with the various covenants in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of those instruments. In the event of a default, a holder of the
indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed under those instruments to be due and payable together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under our credit facilities could elect
to terminate their commitments thereunder and we or one or more of our subsidiaries could be forced into bankruptcy or 15 liquidation.
Any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are a holding company, with no revenue generating operations of our own. We depend on the performance of our subsidiaries and their ability to make distributions to us. We are a holding company with no business operations, sources of income, indebtedness or assets of our own other than our ownership interests in our subsidiaries.
Because all our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries, our cash flow and our ability to repay our debt that we may incur after this offering and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders
are dependent upon cash dividends and distributions or other transfers from our subsidiaries. Payment of dividends, distributions, loans or advances by our subsidiaries to us are subject to
restrictions imposed by the current and future debt instruments of our subsidiaries. Moreover, our principal operating subsidiaries, HIH, HLLC and Advanced Materials, are financed separately from each
other, and the debt instruments of each such subsidiary limit our ability to allocate cash flow or resources from one subsidiary, and its related group of subsidiaries, to another subsidiary group.
Further, payments of dividends and other distributions by Advanced Materials may be subject to the consent of the holders of minority interests in Advanced Materials. In addition, those payments could
be subject to restrictions on dividends or repatriation of earnings under applicable local law, monetary transfer restrictions and foreign currency exchange regulations in the jurisdictions in which
our subsidiaries operate. As of September 30, 2004, on a pro forma as adjusted basis, our subsidiaries had total outstanding indebtedness of approximately $5,128.1 million (including the
current portion of long-term debt). Our
subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities. Any right that we have to receive any assets of or distributions from any of our subsidiaries upon the bankruptcy, dissolution,
liquidation or reorganization of any such subsidiary, or to realize proceeds from the sale of their assets, will be junior to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors and
holders of debt or preferred stock issued by that subsidiary. Demand for some of our products is cyclical, and we may experience prolonged depressed market conditions for our products. Historically, the markets for many of our products, particularly our commodity products, have experienced alternating periods of tight supply, causing prices and
profit margins to increase, followed by periods of capacity additions, resulting in oversupply and declining prices and profit margins. Currently, several of our markets continue to experience
conditions of oversupply, and the pricing of our products in these markets is depressed. We cannot guarantee that future growth in demand for these products will be sufficient to alleviate any
existing or future conditions of excess industry capacity or that such conditions will not be sustained or further aggravated by anticipated or unanticipated capacity additions or other events. We
derive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of commodity products. Due to the commodity nature of these products, competition in these markets is based primarily on price
and to a lesser extent on performance, product quality, product deliverability and customer service. As a result, we may not be able to protect our market position for these products by product
differentiation and may not be able to pass on cost increases to our customers. Historically, the prices for our commodity products have been cyclical and sensitive to relative changes in supply and
demand, the availability and price of feedstocks and general economic conditions. Our other products may be subject to these same factors, but, typically, the impact of these factors is greatest on
our commodity products. 16 Significant price volatility or interruptions in supply of our raw materials may result in increased costs that we may be unable to pass on to our customers, which could negatively affect our
profitability. The prices of the raw materials that we purchase from third parties are cyclical and volatile. We purchase a substantial portion of these raw materials from third
party suppliers, and the cost of these raw materials represents a substantial portion of our operating expenses. The prices for a number of these raw materials generally follow price trends of, and
vary with market conditions for, crude oil and natural gas feedstocks, which are highly volatile and cyclical. In recent periods, we have experienced significantly higher crude oil prices, which have
resulted in increased raw material prices. Although
we frequently enter into supply agreements to acquire these raw materials, these agreements typically provide for market based pricing and provide us only limited protection
against price volatility. While we attempt to match cost increases with corresponding product price increases, we are not always able to raise product prices immediately or at all. Timing differences
between raw material
prices, which may change daily, and contract product prices, which in many cases are negotiated only monthly or less often, have had and may continue to have a negative effect on profitability. If any
of our suppliers is unable to meet its obligations under present supply agreements, we may be forced to pay higher prices to obtain the necessary raw materials from other sources and we may not be
able to increase prices for our finished products to recoup the higher raw materials cost. In addition, if any of the raw materials that we use become unavailable within the geographic area from which
they are now sourced, then we may not be able to obtain suitable and cost effective substitutes. Any underlying cost increase that we are not able to pass on to our customers or any interruption in
supply of raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The industri