Investing in our common stock
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks below before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. In such an
event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS Our inability to retain our senior management team and other managing directors would be detrimental to the success of our business. We rely heavily on our senior management team, including Gary Holdren, our Chief Executive Officer, George Massaro, our Vice Chairman, Daniel Broadhurst, our Vice President of Operations, Gary Burge, our Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer, and other managing directors, and our ability to retain them is particularly important to our future success. During 2006, Mr. Massaro intends to reduce his workload to a part time, or approximately one-third, basis and to dedicate
his efforts to strategic initiatives for us, including major client assignments. Given the highly specialized nature of our services, these people must have a thorough understanding of our service offerings as well as the skills and experience
necessary to manage an organization consisting of a diverse group of professionals. In addition, we rely on our senior management team and other managing directors to generate and market our business. Further, in light of our limited operating
history, our senior management’s and other managing directors’ personal reputations and relationships with our clients are a critical element in obtaining and maintaining client engagements. Although we enter into non-solicitation
agreements with our senior management team and other managing directors, we do not enter into non-competition agreements. Accordingly, members of our senior management team and our other managing directors are not contractually prohibited from
leaving or joining one of our competitors, and some of our clients could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. In addition, our executive officers holding interests in HCG Holdings LLC consist of Messrs. Massaro,
Broadhurst and Burge. These individuals collectively hold 0.3% of the common interests in HCG Holdings LLC. If any of the above-described individuals realize substantial financial benefits as a result of their securities ownership in HCG Holdings
LLC, their financial incentive to stay with us may be reduced. If one or more members of our senior management team or our other managing directors leave and we cannot replace them with a suitable candidate quickly, we could experience difficulty in
securing and successfully completing engagements and managing our business properly, which could harm our business prospects and results of operations. Our inability to hire and retain talented people in an industry where there is great competition for talent could have a serious negative effect on our prospects and results of
operations. Our business involves the delivery of professional services and is highly labor-intensive. Our success depends largely on our general
ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled consultants. The loss of a significant number of our consultants or the inability to attract, hire, develop, train and retain additional skilled personnel could have a serious negative
effect on us, including our ability to manage, staff and successfully complete our existing engagements and obtain new engagements. Qualified consultants are in great demand, and we face significant competition for both senior and junior consultants
with the requisite credentials and experience. Our principal competition for talent comes from other consulting firms, accounting firms and technical and economic advisory firms, as well as from organizations seeking to staff their internal
professional positions. Many of these competitors may be able to offer significantly greater compensation and benefits or more attractive lifestyle choices, career paths or geographic locations than we do. Therefore, we may not be successful in
attracting and 11 Table of Contents Risk factors retaining the skilled consultants we require to conduct and expand our operations successfully. Increasing competition for these consultants may also
significantly increase our labor costs, which could negatively affect our margins and results of operations. We have experienced net losses for a significant portion of our history, and our limited operating history makes evaluating our business difficult. We have been operating since May 2002. For the period from March 19, 2002 (inception) through December 31, 2002 and for the year ended December 31, 2003, we experienced net losses of $4.2 million and
$1.1 million, respectively. Although we generated net income of $10.9 and $13.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2004 and the nine months ended September 30, 2005, respectively, we may not sustain profitability in the future. Our
net losses, among other things, have had, and should net losses occur in the future, will have, an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and working capital. To sustain profitability, we must: Ø attract, integrate, retain and motivate highly qualified consultants; Ø achieve and maintain adequate utilization and suitable billing rates for our consultants; Ø expand our existing relationships with our clients and identify new clients in need of our services; Ø maintain and enhance our brand recognition; and Ø adapt to meet changes in our markets and competitive developments. We may not be successful in accomplishing these objectives. Further, our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects. Our
prospects must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development, particularly companies in highly competitive industries. The historical
information in this prospectus may not be indicative of our future financial condition and future performance. For example, we expect that our future annual growth rate in revenues will moderate and likely be less than the growth rates experienced
in 2003 and 2004. If we are unable to manage the growth of our business successfully,
we may not be able to sustain profitability. We have grown significantly since we commenced operations, nearly tripling the number of our consultants
from 213 on May 31, 2002 to 632 as of December 31, 2005. As we continue to increase the number of our consultants, we may not be able to successfully manage a significantly larger workforce. Additionally, our significant growth has placed
demands on our management and our internal systems, procedures and controls and will continue to do so in the future. To successfully manage growth, we must add administrative staff and periodically update and strengthen our operating, financial,
accounting and other systems, procedures and controls, which will increase our costs and may adversely affect our gross profits and our ability to sustain profitability if we do not generate increased revenues to offset the costs. This need to
augment our support infrastructure due to growth is compounded by our becoming a public reporting company and the increased expense incurred in complying with existing and new regulatory requirements. As a public company, our information and control
systems must enable us to prepare accurate and timely financial information and other required disclosure. If we discover deficiencies in our existing information and control systems that impede our ability to satisfy our reporting requirements, we
must successfully implement improvements to those systems in an efficient and timely manner. 12 Table of Contents Risk factors Our financial results could suffer if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and suitable billing rates for our consultants. Our profitability depends to a large extent on the utilization and billing rates of our consultants. Utilization of our consultants is affected by a
number of factors, including: Ø the number and size of client engagements; Ø the timing of the commencement, completion and termination of engagements, which in many cases is unpredictable; Ø our ability to transition our consultants efficiently from completed engagements to new engagements; Ø the hiring of additional consultants because there is generally a transition period for new consultants that results in a temporary drop in our utilization rate; Ø unanticipated changes in the scope of client engagements; Ø our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate level of consultants; and Ø conditions affecting the industries in which we practice as well as general economic conditions. The billing rates of our consultants that we are able to charge are also affected by a number of factors, including: Ø our clients’ perception of our ability to add value through our services; Ø the market demand for the services we provide; Ø introduction of new services by us or our competitors; Ø our competition and the pricing policies of our competitors; and Ø general economic conditions. If we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate overall utilization as well as maintain or increase the billing rates for our consultants, our financial results could materially suffer. A significant portion of our revenues is derived from a limited number of clients, and our
engagement agreements, including those related to our largest clients, can be terminated by our clients with little or no notice and without penalty, which may cause our operating results to be unpredictable. As a consulting firm, we have derived, and expect to continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of clients. Our ten largest clients
accounted for 36