An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events
occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price
of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our
Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks Our public shareholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder
shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public
shareholders do not support such a combination. We
may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require
shareholder approval under applicable Cayman Islands law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of
a proposed initial business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely
in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction
would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will
participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of our outstanding public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we consummate. Please see the section of this prospectus
entitled “Proposed Business — Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination”
for additional information. Changes in the market
for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial
business combination. The
market for directors and officers liability insurance for SPACs has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance
companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased
and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The
increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage
as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-business combination’s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential
liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order
to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to
any such claims (“run-off insurance”). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination
entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 43 We may engage one
or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after this offering, which may
include acting as M&A advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related
financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust
account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts
of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after this offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing
and consummation of an initial business combination. We
may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after this offering,
including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing M&A advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private
offering or arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation
that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with any
of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters
or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not
be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with this offering. The
underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business
combination. The underwriters’ or their respective affiliates’ financial interests tied to the consummation of a business
combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential
conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. The underwriters are under
no obligation to provide any further services to us in order to receive all or any part of the deferred underwriting commissions. If we seek shareholder
approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders will agree to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our
initial business combination only if we receive approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association and under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the shareholders
who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, voting together as a single class and includes a unanimous written resolution.
Pursuant to the letter agreement, our initial shareholders, officers and directors will agree to vote their founder shares as well as
any public shares purchased during or after this offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor
of our initial business combination (except that any public shares such parties may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule
14e-5 under the Exchange Act would not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction). As a result, in addition
to our initial shareholders’ founder shares and private placement shares held by our sponsor, we would need only 4,900,001, or
32.7%, of the 15,000,000 public shares sold in this offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding
shares are voted, the over-allotment option is not exercised and the parties to the letter agreement do not acquire any Class A ordinary
shares) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our initial shareholders will own shares representing approximately
25% of our outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of this offering and the private placement (excluding the
private placement shares). Assuming that only the holders of one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a
quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, vote their shares at a general meeting of the company,
we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order
to approve an initial business combination. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement
by our initial shareholders to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the
requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. 44 Your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem
your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of the initial business combination. At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial
business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking shareholder approval,
public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such shareholder
vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential
business combination may be limited to exercising your redempt