—Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management
Team—Our letter agreement with our sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval .” Purchases of Private Placement Units Jefferies has committed to purchase 250,000 private
placement units (or up to 287,500 private placement units if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full) for an
aggregate purchase price of $2,500,000 (or up to $2,875,000 if the underwriter’s over-allotment option is exercised in full), or
$10.00 per unit, in the private placement that will occur simultaneously with the completion of this offering. The terms of the private
placement units are identical to those of the public units, except that the private placement units are subject to certain limited exceptions
as described in this prospectus. The private placement units (including private placement shares and private placement warrants underlying
such private placement units and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private placement warrants) have been deemed compensation
by FINRA and are therefore subject to the lock-up restrictions imposed by FINRA Rule 5110(e) pursuant to which these securities will not
be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated, or be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction
that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement
of sales of this offering except as permitted under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2) including to any member participating in the offering and the
officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates thereof. In addition, for as long as the private placement warrants are held by
Jefferies or its designees or affiliates, they may not be exercised after five years from the effective date of the registration statement
of which this prospectus forms a part. We have granted Jefferies and its designees certain registration rights relating to these securities.
Jefferies and its designees may not exercise their demand and “piggy-back” registration rights after five years after the
effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and may not exercise their demand rights on more than
one occasion. The private placement warrants included in the private placement units are initially exercisable at $11.50 per share. 148 Table of Contents Stabilization The underwriter has advised us that they, pursuant
to Regulation M under the Exchange Act, and certain persons participating in the offering may engage in short sale transactions, stabilizing
transactions, syndicate covering transactions or the imposition of penalty bids in connection with this offering. These activities may
have the effect of stabilizing or maintaining the market price of the units at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the
open market. Establishing short sales positions may involve either “covered” short sales or “naked” short sales. “Covered” short sales are sales made
in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ option to purchase additional units in this offering. The underwriters may close
out any covered short position by either exercising their option to purchase additional units or purchasing units in the open market.
In determining the source of units to close out the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price
of units available for purchase in the open market as compared to the price at which they may purchase units through the option to purchase
additional units. “Naked” short sales are sales in excess
of the option to purchase additional units. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing units in the open market.
A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price
of our units in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. A stabilizing bid is a bid for the purchase of
units on behalf of the underwriters for the purpose of fixing or maintaining the price of the units. A syndicate covering transaction
is the bid for or the purchase of units on behalf of the underwriters to reduce a short position incurred by the underwriters in connection
with the offering. Similar to other purchase transactions, the underwriters’ purchases to cover the syndicate short sales may have
the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our units or preventing or retarding a decline in the market price of our units.
As a result, the price of our units may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market. A penalty bid is an arrangement
permitting the underwriters to reclaim the selling concession otherwise accruing to a syndicate member in connection with the offering
if the units originally sold by such syndicate member are purchased in a syndicate covering transaction and therefore have not been effectively
placed by such syndicate member. Neither we nor any of the underwriters make any
representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any effect that the transactions described above may have on the price
of our units. The underwriters are not obligated to engage in these activities and, if commenced, any of the activities may be discontinued
at any time. The underwriters may also engage in passive market
making transactions in our units on Nasdaq in accordance with Rule 103 of Regulation M during a period before the commencement of offers
or sales of our units in this offering and extending through the completion of distribution. A passive market maker must display its bid
at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid of that security. However, if all independent bids are lowered below the passive
market maker’s bid, that bid must then be lowered when specified purchase limits are exceeded. Electronic Distribution A prospectus in electronic format may be made
available by e-mail or on the web sites or through online services maintained by one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates.
In those cases, prospective investors may view offering terms online and may be allowed to place orders online. The underwriters may agree
with us to allocate a specific number of units for sale to online brokerage account holders. Any such allocation for online distributions
will be made by the underwriters on the same basis as other allocations. Other than the prospectus in electronic format, the information
on the underwriters’ web sites and any information contained in any other web site maintained by any of the underwriters is not
part of this prospectus, has not been approved and/or endorsed by us or the underwriters and should not be relied upon by investors. Other Activities and Relationships We do not have any expectation, understanding
or agreement with any underwriter for such underwriter to provide any additional services to us after the consummation of this offering
relating to our initial business combination, the financing thereof or other related transactions. The underwriting agreement does not
obligate the underwriters to perform any services in connection with our initial business combination or to receive their deferred commissions,
which will be fully earned by the underwriters upon the payment of the purchase price for the units purchased by the underwriters on the
closing of this offering and will be released to the underwriters only on and concurrently with completion of an initial business combination. 149 Table of Contents We may engage the underwriters, in our discretion,
for example, to introduce us to potential target businesses, provided financial advisory services to us in connection with a business
combination or assist us in raising additional capital in the future, including by acting as a placement agent in a private offering or
underwriting or arranging debt financing. If any of the underwriters provide services to us after this offering, we may pay such underwriter
fair and reasonable fees that would be determined at that time in an arm’s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be
entered into with any of the underwriters and no fees for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters prior to the date that
is 60 days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters’ compensation in connection with
this offering. We may pay the underwriters of this offering or any entity with which they are affiliated, a finder’s fee or other
compensation for services rendered to us in connection with the completion of a business combination. Any fees we may pay the underwriters
or their affiliates for services rendered to us after this offering may be contingent on the completion of a business combination and
may include non-cash compensation. The underwriters or their affiliates that provide these services to us may have a potential
conflict of interest given that the underwriters are entitled to the deferred portion of their underwriting compensation for this offering
only if an initial business combination is completed within the specified timeframe. The underwriters and certain of their affiliates
are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment
banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities.
The underwriters and certain of their affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various commercial
and investment banking and financial advisory services for us and our affiliates, for which they received or will receive customary fees
and expenses. In the ordinary course of their various business
activities, the underwriters and certain of their aff