— Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness ” incorporated by reference in this prospectus from our Annual Report. JPMorgan Credit Facility On March 29, 2021, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into a Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (the “JPMorgan Credit Facility”) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, issuing bank and swingline lender (“JPMorgan”), and the lenders from time to time party thereto. The JPMorgan Credit Facility replaces the Encina Credit Facility. There was no outstanding indebtedness under the Encina Credit Facility when it was replaced. The JPMorgan Credit Facility, among other things, provides for an asset based senior revolving credit line (the “Senior Revolver”) with JPMorgan as the initial lender. The three-year Senior Revolver has a borrowing limit of $50 million. We have the right to increase the amount of the Senior Revolver in an amount up to $25 million by obtaining commitments from JPMorgan or from other lenders. The loans are available in both U.S. and Canadian dollars. Loans denominated in U.S. dollars bear interest at the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.95% and those denominated in Canadian dollars bear interest at the CDOR rate plus 1.95%. Both rates are ultimately based on LIBOR and there is a floor of 0.0% for each rate. Because the LIBOR rate may no longer be an appropriate reference rate commencing in 2022, the JPMorgan Credit Facility contains benchmark replacement terms pursuant to which the LIBOR-based rates will convert to SOFR based rates or other alternative rates upon the occurrence of certain events. Interest is payable monthly. Any outstanding principal is due at the end of the term. Our and our subsidiaries’ obligations under the JPMorgan Credit Facility are secured by a first priority lien (subject to certain permitted liens) in substantially all of our and our subsidiaries’ respective personal property assets pursuant to the terms of a U.S. and a Canadian Pledge and Security Agreement, dated March 29, 2021 and the other security documents. Furthermore, until full payment of all obligations required under the JPMorgan Credit Facility, the Subsidiary Obligors shall not, among other things, take any of the following actions, except as permitted by the JPMorgan Credit Facility: • merge, divide or consolidate, form any new subsidiary, acquire any interest in any Person (as defined therein), or wind-up or cease operations, dissolve or liquidate; ​ • create, assume, incur issue, guarantee or otherwise become or remain obligated in respect of, or permit to be outstanding, any indebtedness (as such term is defined therein); ​ • make acquisitions other than acquisitions that meet the criteria for “Permitted Acquisition” ​(as defined in the JPMorgan Credit Facility); ​ • change its jurisdiction of formation; ​ • dispose of any assets; ​ • make loans or investments; ​ • create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any lien; ​ • authorize, enter into, or execute any agreements giving a Secured Party (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) control of a Deposit Account (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) or Securities Accounts (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code); ​ • enter into any covenant or agreement that restricts the Subsidiary Obligors from pledging or granting a security interest in, mortgaging, assigning, encumbering or otherwise creating a lien on any of its property in favor of a Lender (as defined therein); ​ • guaranty or become liable for the obligations of another party; ​ 60 TABLE OF CONTENTS • make a restricted payment, including paying dividends, repaying indebtedness or purchasing, redeeming or retiring our capital stock stock unless certain availability and other tests are met; ​ • redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise acquire any of a Subsidiary Obligors’ capital stock or other equity interests; or ​ • engage, directly or indirectly, in a business other than the business which is being conducted on the date hereof and businesses reasonably related thereto. ​ In addition, during any period when Excess Availability (as defined in the JPMorgan Credit Facility) is less than 10%, the Company and its subsidiaries must maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the JPMorgan Credit Facility) of not less than 1.10 to 1.0. Under the JPMorgan Credit Facility, the following actions, among others, could be deemed to be an “event of default” that may result in the acceleration of the due date, payment of all obligations and termination of all revolver commitments, without any action by JPMorgan or notice of any kind. • Failure to pay obligations when due; ​ • Any representation, warranty, statement, report or certificate made or delivered is untrue or misleading in any material respect; ​ • A default in the performance and observance of certain covenants; ​ • A guarantor repudiates, revokes or attempts to revoke its guaranty; ​ • The actual or attempted revocation or termination of, or limitation or denial of liability under, any guaranty of any of the Obligations (as defined therein), or any security document securing any of the Obligations; ​ • The commencement of an involuntary case or other proceeding against any Subsidiary Obligor; or ​ • The occurrence of a change of control (defined as the acquisition by a person or group of more than 35% of the equity or a change of the composition of the board of directors not approved by the then-existing board). ​ As of the date of this prospectus, we have no borrowings outstanding under the JPMorgan Credit Facility. Other Indebtedness We have other indebtedness of approximately $1.0 million as of December 31, 2020, related to finance leases and term debt. 61 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue: • 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share; and ​ • 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. ​ As of May 10, 2021, we had issued and outstanding 39,812,222 shares of our common stock. The following statements are summaries only of provisions of our authorized capital stock and are qualified in their entirety by our Certificate of Incorporation. You should review these documents for a description of the rights, restrictions and obligations relating to our capital stock. A copy of our Certificate of Incorporation may be obtained from us upon written request. Common Stock Voting . The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters on which the holders are entitled to vote (or consent to). Dividends . The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive, ratably, dividends only if, when and as declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor and after provision is made for each class of capital stock having preference over the common stock. As of the date of this prospectus, we may not declare a dividend in light of the JPMorgan Credit Facility. Liquidation Rights . In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock may be entitled to share, ratably, in all assets remaining available for distribution after payment of all liabilities and after provision is made for each class of capital stock having preference over the common stock. Preemptive and Similar Rights . The holders of our common stock have no preemptive or similar rights. Preferred Stock We are authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, with such designations, rights, and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of restricting dividends on our common stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our common stock, or delaying or preventing a change in our control, all without further action by our stockholders. We do not have any shares of preferred stock outstanding. Warrants As of May 10, 2021, we had issued and outstanding warrants to purchase 3,369,138 and 132,335 shares of our common stock, which are referred to as the “Investor Warrants” and the “Placement Agent Warrants,” respectively. The Investor Warrants General Terms . The Investor Warrants are exercisable for common stock at an initial exercise price equal to $16.86 per share. The exercise price and the number of securities issued upon exercise of the Investor Warrants are subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends and similar events. Exercisability . The Investor Warrants became exercisable upon the closing of our IPO on December 14, 2020. The Investor Warrants will expire on December 14, 2023. The Investor Warrants may be exercised at any time in whole or in part upon payment of the applicable exercise price until expiration of the Investor Warrants. No fractional shares will be issued upon the exercise of the Investor Warrants. The Investor Warrants may only be exercised on a “cashless” basis if at any time after 180 days following the date that a resale registration statement is publicly filed with the commission, the 62 TABLE OF CONTENTS registration statement covering the resale of the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the Investor Warrants by the investors is not effective with the SEC. Redemption . The Investor Warrants may be called by us upon not less than thirty (30) days’ nor more than sixty (60) days’ prior written notice at any time provided that, at the time of delivery of such notice (i) there is an effective registration statement covering the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrants, and (ii) the VWAP of o