” beginning on page    . 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING Although we cannot determine what the actual net offering proceeds will be until the offering is completed, we estimate that the net proceeds will be between $48.6 million and $66.4 million, or $76.7 million if the offering range is increased by 15.0%. We intend to distribute the net proceeds as follows: ​ ​ ​ Based upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of ​ ​ ​ ​ 5,100,000 Shares ​ ​ 6,000,000 Shares ​ ​ 6,900,000 Shares ​ ​ 7,935,000 Shares (1) ​ ​ ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Percent of Net Proceeds ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Percent of Net Proceeds ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Percent of Net Proceeds ​ ​ Amount ​ ​ Percent of Net Proceeds ​ ​ ​ ​ (Dollars in thousands) ​ Offering proceeds ​ ​ ​ $ 51,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 60,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 69,000 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 79,350 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Less: offering expenses ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,410 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,500 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,590 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ (2,694 ) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Net offering proceeds ​ ​ ​ ​ 48,590 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 100.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 57,500 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 100.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 66,410 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 100.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 76,656 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 100.0 % ​ ​ Less: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Proceeds contributed to Hoyne Savings Bank ​ ​ ​ ​ 24,295 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 50.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 28,750 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 50.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 33,205 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 50.0 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 38,328 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 50.0 % ​ ​ Proceeds contributed to charitable foundation ​ ​ ​ ​ 250 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.5 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 250 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.4 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 250 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.4 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 250 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 0.3 % ​ ​ Proceeds used for loan to employee stock ownership plan ​ ​ ​ ​ 4,163 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8.6 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 4,898 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8.5 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 5,633 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8.5 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 6,478 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 8.5 % ​ ​ Proceeds retained by Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. ​ ​ ​ $ 19,882 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 40.9 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 23,602 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 41.1 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 27,322 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 41.1 % ​ ​ ​ ​ $ 31,600 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 41.2 % ​ ​ ​ (1) As adjusted to give effect to an increase in the number of shares, which increase could occur due to a 15.0% increase in the offering range to reflect demand for the shares or changes in market conditions following the commencement of the offering. ​ Payments for shares of common stock made through withdrawals from existing deposit accounts will not result in the receipt of new funds for investment but will reduce Hoyne Savings Bank’s deposits. The net proceeds may vary because total expenses relating to the offering may be more or less than our estimates. For example, our expenses would increase if fewer shares were sold in the subscription and community offerings and more in the syndicated community offering than we have assumed. Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. may use the proceeds it retains from the offering: • to invest in securities; ​ • for capital management strategies, including repurchases to fund stock-based benefit plans and additional stock repurchases, subject to regulatory limitations; ​ • although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements regarding any specific transactions, to facilitate the potential acquisition of financial institutions, asset portfolios and branch offices, if available, on a prudent basis; and ​ • for other general corporate purposes. ​ See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion of our expected dividend policy following the completion of the offering. Under current federal regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of the conversion, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and with prior regulatory approval, or except to fund the granting of restricted stock awards or tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans. 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS Hoyne Savings Bank may use the net proceeds it receives from the offering: • to fund new loans; ​ • to invest in securities; ​ • to expand its retail banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new loan productions offices and branches or by acquiring other financial institutions or other financial services companies as opportunities arise, although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements to acquire a financial institution or other entity; and ​ • for other general corporate purposes. ​ Initially, a substantial portion of the net proceeds will be invested in short-term investment securities of the type currently held by Hoyne Savings Bank. We have not determined specific amounts of the net proceeds that would be used for the purposes described above. The use of the proceeds outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, the attractiveness and availability of potential acquisitions to expand our operations, and overall market conditions. We expect our return on equity to be low until we are able to effectively deploy the additional capital raised in the offering. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to the Offering — We have broad discretion in using the proceeds of the offering. Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance and the value of our common stock” and “— Risks Related to the Offering — The capital we raise in the offering may negatively impact our return on equity until we can fully implement our business plan. This could negatively affect the trading price of our shares of common stock.” 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ OUR DIVIDEND POLICY Following completion of the stock offering, our board of directors will have the authority to declare dividends on our shares of common stock. The board’s determination of whether to declare a dividend and the amount of any such dividend is subject to our financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, capital requirements and available alternative uses for capital, statutory and regulatory limitations, and general economic conditions. No decision has been made with respect to the amount, if any, and timing of any dividend payments. We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends in the future, or, if dividends are paid, that any such dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. The source of dividends will depend on the net proceeds retained by Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. from the offering and earnings thereon, and dividends paid by Hoyne Savings Bank to Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. In addition, Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. will be subject to state law limitations and federal bank regulatory policy on the payment of dividends. Delaware law generally limits dividends to be paid out of its capital surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits from the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared, and the preceding fiscal year, subject to certain limitations. After the completion of the conversion, Hoyne Savings Bank will not be permitted to pay dividends to Hoyne Bancorp, Inc., its sole stockholder, if Hoyne Savings Bank’s stockholder’s equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account established in connection with the conversion. In addition, Hoyne Savings Bank will not be permitted to make a capital distribution if, after making such distribution, it would be undercapitalized. Hoyne Savings Bank must provide notice to the Federal Reserve Board and file an application with the IDFPR for approval of a capital distribution if the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of its net income for that year to date plus its retained net income for the preceding two years, or it would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution. Any payment of dividends by Hoyne Savings Bank to Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. that would be deemed to be drawn from Hoyne Savings Bank’s bad debt reserves established before 1988, if any, would require a payment of taxes at the then-current tax rate by Hoyne Savings Bank on the amount of earnings deemed to be removed from the pre-1988 bad debt reserves for such distribution. Hoyne Savings Bank does not intend to make any distribution that would create such a federal tax liability. We intend to file a consolidated federal tax return with Hoyne Savings Bank. Accordingly, it is anticipated that any cash distributions made by Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. to our stockholders would be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return of capital for federal tax purposes. Additionally, pursuant to regulations of the Federal Reserve Board, during the three-year period following the conversion and stock offering, Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. will not take any action to declare an extraordinary dividend to stockholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free return of capital for federal income tax purposes. 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK Hoyne Bancorp, Inc. is a newly formed company and has not previously issued shares of its capital stock, other than a limited number of shares in connection with its incorporation, and there is no established market for the shares of its common stock. We have applied to list our shares of common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “HYNE,” subject to completion of the conversion and compliance with certain listing conditions, including the presence of at least three registered and active market makers. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. has advised us that it intends to make a market in shares of our common stock following the offering, but it is not obligated to do so or to continue to do so once it begins. While we will attempt before completion of the offering to obtain commitments from at least two other broker-dealers to make a market in shares of our common stock, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining such commitments. The development and maintenance of a public market, having the desirable characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness, depends on the e