”. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by third parties and by us. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus, or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. It might not contain all the information that is important to you. You should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the section entitled “Risk Factors” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before making an investment decision to purchase shares of our common stock. Our Business Overview We are a clinical stage ophthalmic biopharmaceutical company developing a pipeline of microdose therapeutics utilizing our patented piezo-print delivery technology, which we recently branded the Optejet TM . Eyenovia aims to achieve clinical microdosing of next-generation formulations of well-established ophthalmic pharmaceutical agents using its high-precision targeted ocular delivery system, which has the potential to replace conventional eyedropper delivery and improve safety, tolerability, patient compliance and topical delivery success for ophthalmic eye treatments. In the clinic, Optejet has demonstrated up to a 75% reduction in ocular drug and preservative exposure, with successful topical delivery that generally exceeded the efficacy of traditional eyedrop administration. Using our proprietary delivery technology, Eyenovia is developing the next generation of smart ophthalmic therapies while targeting new indications for which there are currently no drug therapies approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”). Eyenovia’s microdose therapeutics follow the FDA-designated pharmaceutical registration and regulatory process. Our products are not classified by the FDA as medical devices or drug-device combination products. Eyenovia recently initiated Phase III trials for MicroStat. MicroStat is a fixed combination formulation of phenylephrine-tropicamide for mydriasis (pupil dilation), designed to be a novel approach for the estimated 80 million office-based comprehensive and diabetic eye exams performed every year in the United States. Additionally, we have received clear feedback from the FDA regarding the requirements for Phase III trials for our MicroPine and MicroProst programs. MicroPine is a first-in-class topical therapy for the treatment of progressive myopia, a back-of-the-eye ocular disease associated with pathologic axial elongation and sclero-retinal stretching affecting approximately 5 million people in the United States. MicroProst is a novel latanoprost formulation for lowering intraocular pressure (“IOP”) in patients with ocular hypertension (“OHT”), primary open angle glaucoma (“POAG”) and chronic angle closure glaucoma (“CACG”). MicroTears, our over-the-counter (“OTC”) product candidate for dry eye, will not require Phase III trials. We plan to proceed with registration activities for MicroTears in 2019. We have completed three Phase II trials, with results from two published in peer-reviewed literature and a third in press publication. In two studies evaluating mydriatic agents, the Optejet consistently delivered precision dosing at the volume of the eye’s natural tear film capacity of 6 – 8 µL, which reduced ocular and systemic drug and preservative exposure, while demonstrating pupil dilation comparable to conventional eyedrops with fewer side effects. In the third study, we evaluated usability, patient tolerability and intraocular pressure lowering of microdosed latanoprost administered with the Optejet. In this study, eyes receiving microdosed latanoprost achieved IOP reduction consistent with published literature on eyedrops and administration of the medication was successful in a single attempt in more than 90% of cases. Based on the results from these clinical trials, we have advanced MicroStat into Phase III utilizing the 505(b)(2) pathway and plan to do the same with MicroPine and MicroProst. Where possible, we also intend to use this pathway for future clinical trials in new indications with significant unmet needs. Our Solution Ophthalmic drugs delivered as eyedrops can fail to provide the prescribed dose more than 50% of the time and, even when the prescribed dose is delivered to the ocular surface, eyedrops can overdose the ocular surface by more than 300%. The average tear volume of the eye is 6 – 8 µL, yet conventional eyedrops deliver fluid volume of approximately 30 – 50 µL. Even among bottles of the same size and shape, eyedrop sizes vary significantly depending on the angle of the bottle and the amount of ophthalmic solution 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS remaining. The large drop size can result in overflow from the eye into the nasolacrimal canal, where the active drug product becomes available systemically. Ocular drugs that are absorbed by the nasolacrimal mucosa mimic intravenous injection delivery insofar as they are not susceptible to first-pass hepatic metabolism. Additionally, ocular medication in swallowed nasolacrimal secretions is theoretically available for absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. As such, only a small fraction of the applied medication is actually absorbed directly into the eye, while there remain multiple opportunities for unintended local and systemic exposure. Additionally, excess drug (and preservative in some instances) in the eye is more likely to cause ocular surface toxicity and tolerability issues and spillage to the periorbital skin can cause dermatological changes. Instillation of eyedrops also stimulates lacrimation, and can increase tear turnover rate from 16% per minute to 30% per minute once eyedrops have been instilled, thereby diluting the drug product. If the eyedrop stings, the loss rate can be even higher. Approximately 80% of a medication instilled as an eyedrop is lost to drainage during the first 15 – 30 seconds after instillation. The Optejet The Optejet delivers doses of 6 – 8 µL, directly coating the corneal surface where 80% of intraocular drug penetration occurs. We believe that microdosing may reduce drug and toxic preservative exposure by more than 75%, thus reducing ocular irritation, and resulting in potentially gentler treatments without compromising the desired clinical effect. Our approach could also reduce waste associated with conventional macrodose drops — a problem that has been highlighted by recently introduced legislation in the U.S. Senate to address this specific concern. We believe that we are one of the only companies with clinical stage technology for targeted microdosing of ophthalmic investigational therapies. The Optejet is based on piezo-print technology, which is also used for pixel-sharp high-precision inkjet printing. The technology is optimized for and applied in 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS ophthalmic delivery to achieve microdosing that can be many times more precise than conventional eyedroppers. In addition, our smart, electronic system provides the capability to track when patients administer their medications and deliver this information to patients and physicians via Bluetooth connectivity. Thus, physicians can make decisions regarding therapeutic regimens with knowledge of patient compliance. The FDA has provided written feedback that our clinical development activities will be treated as drug development programs, because only the drug comes into contact with the eye. Consequently, we do not anticipate needing separate FDA approval for the Optejet or being required to comply with FDA medical device regulations. Microdose administration of topical ophthalmic drugs with the Optejet has been tested in preclinical models and clinical trials and shown to provide many advantages over administrations of eyedrops. Key advantages include: • Dose reduction:   Our microdose delivery technology achieves precise volumetric control at the microliter level to deliver 6 – 8 µL, which is the physiologic capacity of the tear film. This compares favorably to the volume of an eyedrop (30 – 50 µL), which can result in overdosing, ocular toxicity and systemic leaching into the plasma. ​ • Targeted dose instillation:   The Optejet allows for targeted delivery to the ocular surface and cornea, avoiding the conjunctival cul-de-sac. The micro-jet spray created by the piezo-electric vibrations is columnated and focused to provide precise delivery to the corneal surface where the majority of ocular penetration occurs. Additionally, the Optejet is designed with an LED targeting mechanism to facilitate proper positioning and objective alignment, thus increasing the likelihood of successful dose delivery. ​ • Speed of delivery:   Our piezo-electric technology is similar to pixel-sharp precision ink jet printing. Unlike a simple aerosolized mechanism, our patented technology is designed with ejection control that creates a fast and targeted micro-jet delivery. Solution is delivered to the ocular surface in less than 80 milliseconds beating the typical eye’s 100-millisecond blink reflex. ​ • Smart electronics:   Our smart electronics and mobile e-health technology are designed to track when a patient administers treatment. This enables physicians to objectively monitor patient compliance. We believe this technology will improve compliance and chronic disease management by empowering patients and physicians with access to dynamic, real-time monitoring and compliance data for a more intelligent and personalized therapeutic paradigm. ​ Our Pipeline The following summarizes our product pipeline and expected milestones: ​ Product Candidate ​ ​ Indication ​ ​ Next Expected Milestones ​ ​ MicroStat ​ ​ Mydriasis (Pupil Dilation) ​ ​ Report Phase III Trial Results H1 2019 ​ ​ MicroPine ​ ​ Pediatric Myopia Progression (Near Sightedness) ​ ​ Initiate Phase III Trial H1 2019 ​ ​ MicroProst ​ ​ Chronic Angle Closure Glaucoma ​ 