” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Overview Ibotta is a technology company that allows CPG brands to deliver digital promotions to over 200 million consumers through a single, convenient network called the Ibotta Performance Network (IPN). We are pioneers in success-based marketing; we only get paid when our client’s promotion results in a sale, not when a consumer merely views or clicks on the promotion. We have built the largest digital item-level promotions network in the United States by forming strategic relationships with major retailers which use our digital offers to power their loyalty programs on a white-label basis. Through the IPN, our clients can also reach millions more consumers on our widely used rewards app digital properties, which include the Ibotta-branded cash back mobile app, website, and browser extension (collectively, Ibotta D2C). We work directly with over 850 different clients, representing over 2,400 different CPG brands, to source exclusive offers as of December 31, 2023. Most of our offers cover products in non-discretionary categories, such as grocery, but we also work with general merchandise manufacturers in categories such as toys, clothing, beauty, electronics, pet, home goods, and sporting goods. Over time, our clients have generally ramped up their spend with us, and they rarely drop off our network. In fact, of our top 100 clients, 96% were retained from 2022 to 2023. We deliver success-based digital promotions at-scale because we manage a growing, open network of third-party publishers that host our offers. Retailers are among our most important publishers because their apps and websites are frequently visited by consumers with high purchase intent. A retailer may ingest digital offers from Ibotta’s Application Programming Interface (API) and present them to its consumers as part of its own branded loyalty program. We call these partners “retailer publishers.” In addition to providing digital offers for retailers, Ibotta also makes the same offers available on its own digital properties, which include Ibotta D2C. Since 2012, over 50 million Americans have registered for our free app. Ibotta D2C reaches a highly engaged audience of savings-conscious consumers who want a single digital starting point where they can find cash back offers across a variety of retailers. Many of these consumers decide where to shop based on the availability of deals in different retailers. Once the IPN launched, Ibotta D2C became a publisher on the IPN, meaning it is now one of many nodes through which our digital offers are delivered to the end consumer. Impact of Macroeconomic Conditions Our business and results of operations are subject to global economic conditions. Our revenue depends on the ability of consumers to buy products that are featured on the IPN. Deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, including slower growth or a recession, inflation, bank failures, supply chain disruption, increases in interest rates, increases to fuel and other energy costs or vehicle costs, geopolitical events, including the potential for new or unforeseen conflicts such as the impact of the Russia and Ukraine conflict and Hamas and Israel conflict, changes in the labor market, downturns which could result in store closures or publisher or retail failures or decreases in consumer spending power or confidence, have in the past and could in the future result in a decline in client spending which would adversely affect the number of offer redemptions. 85 In the first half of 2022, our D2C redemptions per redeemer were negatively impacted by supply chain constraints, which made it difficult for our clients to keep their products on shelves and decreased promotions on products purchased with high frequency. Clients experienced decreased inventory levels, increased shipment delays, increased freight costs, and elevated levels of demand leading to decreased demand for our platform and decreased revenues as well as decreased earning opportunities. In the second half of 2022, our clients saw reduced supply chain constraints, resulting in increased redemptions and redemptions per redeemer. To mitigate the impact of any future supply chain disruptions, we are focused on diversifying the offers available on the Ibotta Performance Network by renewing, maintaining, and expanding our relationships with publishers and CPG brands. These mitigation efforts have thus far not introduced new material risks, including those related to product quality, reliability, or regulatory approval of services. However, we are unable to predict if there will be future deteriorating macroeconomic conditions that may harm growth and profits in future periods. Management continues to actively monitor the impact of these macroeconomic factors on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, and workforce. For more information on risks associated with macroeconomic conditions, see the risk factor titled “Macroeconomic conditions, including slower growth or a recession and supply chain disruptions, have previously and could continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.” Our History and Key Milestones Our revenue growth significantly accelerated with the addition of new publishers to the IPN. Most recently, the rollout of our offers on the digital property of Walmart has attracted larger audiences, and in turn, resulted in greater spend by CPG brands and a greater number of redeemed offers. These developments have increased our scale, growth, and profitability. • Total revenue grew from $210.7 million in 2022 to $320.0 million in 2023, an increase of 52%; • Redemption revenue grew from $138.7 million (or 66% of total revenue) in 2022 to $243.9 million (or 76% of total revenue) in 2023, an increase of 76%; • Gross profit grew from $164.5 million in 2022 to $276.0 million in 2023, an increase of 68%; • Net income (loss) improved from $(54.9) million in 2022 to $38.1 million in 2023; • Net income (loss) as a percent of revenue improved from (26)% in 2022 to 12% in 2023; and 86 • Adjusted EBITDA margin improved from (13)% in 2022 to 26% in 2023. Our Business Model Our business model is driven by the success of CPG brands, publishers, and consumers on our platform. We operate a fee-per-sale digital promotions network called the IPN, which is widely used by CPG brands, third-party publishers, and consumers. Using the IPN, CPG brands contract with us to deliver digital promotions to millions of consumers through third-party publishers (such as Walmart) that host the offers. In addition to providing digital offers through third-party publishers, we also make the same offers available on our digital properties, which include Ibotta D2C. Under our revenue contracts with CPG brands, we are responsible for setting up and launching the offers on the IPN, billing, and collecting funds. The CPG brands that contract with us to deliver the digital promotions to consumers through the IPN are our customers. Third-party publishers are part of the IPN and act as a distributor of the offers and are not our customer. Consumers redeem the CPG brand funded offers on the IPN, whether online or in-store. We invoice and collect funds from the CPG brands for both our fee and the cash back reward. We recognize revenues from redemptions net of consumer cash back rewards as we act as the agent in the transaction.  Cash back offers redeemed through third-party publishers are invoiced to us by the publisher and paid to the publisher on contract terms independent of those negotiated with CPG brands. As an illustrative example, if a publisher’s customer purchases a $5.00 box of Brand A cereal with a $1.30 cash back consumer offer, the publisher’s customer will pay the publisher $5.00 and receive a $1.30 publisher cash back reward; the publisher will invoice us $1.30 with respect to the consumer offer/cash back reward; we will invoice Brand A (our customer) $2.10; and our redemption revenue will be the difference between the invoice to Brand A and the consumer offer, or $0.80 ($2.10 minus $1.30). The publisher is not responsible for funding or paying us for any of the redemptions that occur on their properties. As of December 31, 2023, the IPN connected over 850 different clients, representing over 2,400 CPG brands to reach over 200 million consumers making us the largest item-level network of CPG brands, publishers, and consumers in the digital promotion space in the United States. As of December 31, 2023 we had 8.2 million redeemers. Unlike our D2C properties where we previously focused our marketing investments on the acquisition and retention of redeemers, we do not have to allocate marketing budget on the acquisition or retention of redeemers for consumers who redeem our offers via third-party publishers. This drives ongoing efficiency in our business model. CPG brands on our platform sell non-discretionary, high-frequency items that require routine replacement or replenishment. Consumers typically purchase these products weekly or on a recurring basis, which strengthens the value of the IPN for our clients. As CPG brands realize more success through the IPN, they tend to increase the offers they provide for distribution across our network, which in turn allows us to attract more consumers and drive more engagement, making the IPN more attractive to clients.  In fact, of our top 100 clients, 96% were retained from 2022 to 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023, 76% of our revenue was redemption revenue, which is generated from fees we charge our clients when a redeemer activates an offer on our platform. In addition, 24% of our revenue in 2023 was generated from fees we charge clients for supporting their promotions through ads on our direct-to-consumer properties as well as from monetizing our