See “ Risk Factors ” and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should consider before investing in our securities. ____________ (1)      Excludes 5,054,113 shares of Class A common stock that are issued but are not deemed outstanding because they are restricted stock or are Sponsor Escrow Shares (as defined below) and are subject to forfeiture. Includes 5,805,144 shares of Class A common stock issued to the Selling Stockholders in connection with our acquisition of TeraXion on October 12, 2021 as if such shares were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021. 5 Table of Contents In this prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, the number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and the other information based thereon does not include: • 33,827,371 shares of Class V common stock, which vote together as a single class with our Class A common stock; • 27,400,000 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of publicly -traded indie warrants; • Up to 1,604,113 shares of Class A common stock issuable upon vesting of phantom stock units outstanding as of September 30, 2021; • Any of the following (collectively, the “Earn -Out Securities”): • 5,000,000 Earn -Out Securities, that were earned November 9, 2021 (the “First Earn -Out Achievement Date”) but that have not yet been issued; and • 5,000,000 Earn -Out Securities, in the aggregate, in the event that the average trading price of our Class A common stock is $15.00 or greater for any 20 trading days within a period of 30 consecutive trading days prior to December 31, 2027 (the date when the foregoing is first satisfied, the “Second Earn -Out Achievement Date”). • Such Earn -Out Securities will also be issued under certain circumstances if an agreement with respect to a sale of the Company is entered into prior to December 31, 2027. If the First Earn -Out Achievement Date or the Second Earn -Out Achievement Date, as applicable, or a sale of the Company that results in the issuance such shares has not occurred prior to December 31, 2027, the applicable Earn -Out Securities will not be issuable. • 3,450,000 shares of Class A common stock (the “Sponsor Escrow Shares”) held by the Sponsor that are issued but not outstanding and are held in escrow subject to forfeiture in accordance with the following terms and conditions: • 50% of the Sponsor Escrow Shares to be released from escrow to the Sponsor effective as of the First Earn -Out Achievement Date; • Upon the Second Earn -Out Achievement Date (should it occur), 50% of the Sponsor Escrow Shares as of immediately prior to the Closing will be released from escrow to the Sponsor; and • Such Sponsor Escrow Shares will also be released from escrow to the Sponsor under certain circumstances if an agreement with respect to a sale of the Company is entered into prior to December 31, 2027. If the First Earn -Out Achievement Date or the Second Earn -Out Achievement Date, as applicable, or a sale of the Company that results in release of such shares from escrow to the Sponsor has not occurred prior to December 31, 2027, the applicable Sponsor Escrow Shares that were subject to escrow will be forfeited, returned to the Company and cancelled. • 1,604,113 shares of Class A common stock that are issued but are not deemed to be outstanding as they are restricted stock, subject to forfeiture and have not yet been earned. • Up to 10,368,750 shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. For additional information concerning the offerings, see “Plan of Distribution.” 6 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our Class A common stock involves risks. You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the information set forth in this prospectus before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. These risk factors are not exhaustive, and investors are encouraged to perform their own investigation with respect to our business, financial condition and prospects. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this prospectus, including matters addressed in the section entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward -Looking Statements.” We may face additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, which may also impair our business or financial condition. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected and the price of our Class A common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the financial statements included herein. Risks Related to Our Operations and Industry The cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry may limit our ability to maintain or improve our net sales and profitability. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is prone to significant downturns from time to time. Cyclical downturns can result in substantial declines in semiconductor demand, production overcapacity, high inventory levels and accelerated erosion of average selling prices. Such downturns result from a variety of market forces including constant and rapid technological change, quick product obsolescence, price erosion, evolving standards, short product life cycles and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. Recently, downturns in the semiconductor industry have been attributed to a variety of factors including the current COVID -19 pandemic, ongoing trade disputes between the United States and China, weakness in demand and pricing for semiconductors across applications, and excess inventory. These downturns have directly impacted our business, suppliers, distributors and customers. Conversely, significant upturns could cause us to be unable to satisfy demand in a timely and cost -efficient manner, and could result in increased competition for access to third -party foundry, assembly and testing capacity. In the event of such an upturn, we may not be able to expand our workforce and operations in a sufficiently timely manner, procure adequate resources and raw materials, or locate suitable suppliers or other subcontractors to respond effectively to changes in demand for our existing products or to the demand for new products. Accordingly, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The semiconductor industry is highly competitive. If we fail to introduce new technologies and products in a timely manner, it could adversely affect business. The semiconductor industry is highly competitive and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, short product lifecycles, significant price erosion, and evolving standards for quality. Accordingly, the success of our business depends, to a large extent, on our ability to meet evolving industry requirements and introduce new products and technologies, both in a timely manner and at prices that are acceptable to customers. Moreover, the costs related to the research and development necessary to develop new technologies and products are significant and some of our competitors may have greater resources than us. If they significantly increase the resources that they devote to developing and marketing their products, we may not be able to compete effectively. Further, industry consolidation could enhance competitors’ product offerings and financial resources, strengthening their competitive position. As a result of these competitive pressures, we may face declining sales volumes or lower prices for our products, and may not be able to reduce total costs in line with declining revenue. If any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 7 Table of Contents The average selling prices of products in our markets have historically decreased over time and could do so in the future, which could adversely impact our revenue and profitability. Average selling prices of semiconductor products in the markets we serve have historically decreased over time. Profit margins and financial results may suffer if we are unable to offset any reductions in average selling prices by reducing costs, developing new or enhanced products on a timely basis with higher selling prices or profit margins, or increasing sales volumes. Although we have contractual agreements with customers, there is no assurance that those price agreements will be honored. As a result, our average selling prices may decline faster than forecasted. Much of our business depends on winning competitive bid selection processes, and the failure to be selected could adversely affect business in those market segments. The competitive selection processes often require an investment of significant time and capital resources, with no guarantee of winning the contract and generating revenue. In the automotive semiconductor market in which we compete, due to the longer design cycles involved, failure to win a design -in could prevent access to a customer for several years. Our failure to win a significant number of these bids could result in reduced revenues, and hurt our competitive position for future selection processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The demand for our products depends to a significant degree on the demand for our customers’ end products. The vast majority of our revenue is derived from sales to manufacturers in the automotive industry. Demand in this market fluctuates significantly, driven by consumer spending, consumer preferences, the development of new technologies and prevailing econ