noted herein or other unforeseen events, we may have to recognize impairment charges which would adversely affect our results
of operations. Changes in our credit rating or other market factors, such as adverse capital and credit market conditions or reductions in cash
flow from operations, may affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, reduce access to capital and/or increase our costs of borrowing. Our business requires significant levels of capital to finance accounts receivable and product inventory that is not financed by our trade
credit with our vendors. This is especially true when our business is expanding, including through acquisitions, but we may still have substantial demand for capital even during periods of stagnant or declining net sales. In order to continue
operating our business, we will continue to need access to capital, including debt financing and inbound and outbound flooring. In addition, changes in payment terms with either suppliers or customers could increase our capital requirements. Our
ability to repay current or future indebtedness when due, or have adequate sources of liquidity to meet our business needs, may be affected by changes to the cash flows of our subsidiaries. A reduction of cash flow generated by our subsidiaries may
have an adverse effect on our liquidity. Under certain circumstances, legal, tax or contractual restrictions may limit our ability or make it more costly to redistribute cash between subsidiaries to meet our overall operational or strategic
investment needs, or for repayment of indebtedness requirements. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity, including cash
resources and cash provided by operating activities, supplemented as necessary with funds available under our credit arrangements, will provide sufficient resources to meet our working capital and cash requirements for at least the next 12 months.
However, volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, including increasingly complex regulatory constraints on these markets and changes in existing and expected interest rates, may increase our costs for accessing the capital and
credit markets. In addition, our credit ratings reflect each rating organization’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve a
particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future. An inability to obtain or maintain a particular rating could increase the cost and impact the availability of future borrowings. These and other adverse capital and credit market
conditions, including the inability of our finance partners to meet their commitments to us, may also limit our ability to replace maturing credit arrangements in a timely manner and affect our ability to access committed capacities or the capital
we require on terms acceptable to us, or at all. See “—Risks Related to Our Indebtedness—Our substantial indebtedness could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, limit our ability to raise additional capital to fund
our operations, limit our ability to increase or maintain existing levels of trade credit supplied from our suppliers and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness.” Furthermore, any failure to comply with the various
covenant requirements of our corporate finance programs, including cross-default threshold provisions, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could affect our ability to
access the majority of our credit programs with our finance partners. The acceleration of our repayment obligations or the lack of availability of such funding could materially harm our ability to operate or expand our business. In addition, our cash and cash equivalents (including trade receivables collected and/or monies set aside for payment to creditors) are
deposited and/or invested with various financial institutions located in the various 44 Table of Contents countries in which we operate. We endeavor to monitor these financial institutions regularly for credit quality; however, we are exposed to risk of loss on such funds or we may experience
significant disruptions in our liquidity needs if one or more of these financial institutions were to suffer bankruptcy or similar restructuring. We cannot predict the outcome of litigation matters and other contingencies with which we may be involved from time to time. We are involved, and in the future may become involved, in various claims, disputes, lawsuits and actions. Other than as discussed in
Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to our audited consolidated financial statements and Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, we do not believe that
the ultimate resolution of matters currently pending will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We can make no assurances that we will ultimately be successful in our defense or
prosecution of any of these matters or of any future matters. In addition, from time to time, we are, and may become, the subject of inquiries, requests for information or investigations by government and regulatory agencies regarding our business.
Any such matters, regardless of their merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other associates, damage our reputation or otherwise adversely affect our business. For more information regarding
our current litigation matters, see Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to our audited consolidated financial statements and Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements. Risks Related to the Macroeconomic and Regulatory Environment We operate a global business that exposes us to risks associated with conducting business in multiple jurisdictions. Sales outside the United States made up approximately 64% of our net sales in Fiscal Year 2023 (Successor). In addition, a significant portion
of our business activity or key processes are being conducted in emerging markets, including, but not limited to, China, India, Brazil, Mexico, Peru, Colombia, Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Egypt, Argentina, Pakistan, Morocco, Lebanon
and Serbia, and includes business with customers and end users that are state-owned or public sector entities. As such, a number of our subsidiaries are based outside of the United States. As a result, our future operating results and financial
condition could be significantly affected by risks associated with conducting business in multiple jurisdictions, including misappropriation, fraud and increasingly complex regulations that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, the violation of
which can lead to serious consequences, including, but not limited to, the following: • trade protection laws, policies and measures; • import and export duties, customs levies and value-added taxes; • compliance with foreign and domestic import and export controls, economic sanctions and anti-money laundering and
anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, various economic sanctions administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S.
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws and regulations of other jurisdictions for our business activities outside the United States, the violation of which could result in severe penalties including monetary fines, criminal proceedings and
suspension of export privileges; • laws and regulations regarding consumer and data protection, privacy, AI, network security, encryption and
payments, including the Export Administration Regulations; • managing compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and prohibitions, including compliance with local laws
and regulations that differ or are conflicting among jurisdictions; • anti-competition regulations and compliance requirements, including any new antitrust legislation that may be
passed in the United States; • environmental laws and regulations, such as those relating to climate change and waste disposal; 45 Table of Contents • differing employment practices and labor issues; • political instability, terrorism and potential or actual military conflicts or civil unrest; • economic instability in a specific country or region; • earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes,
typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics or pandemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions in a region or specific country; • complex and changing tax laws and regulations in various jurisdictions; • potential restrictions on our ability to repatriate funds from our foreign subsidiaries; and • difficulties in staffing and managing international operations. The potential criminal penalties for violations of import/export controls, economic sanctions, anti-corruption and anti-competition laws,
particularly the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, data privacy and protection laws and environmental laws and regulations in many non-U.S. jurisdictions create heightened risks for our international
operations. In the event that a governing regulatory body determined that we have violated any laws, including applicable import/export controls, economic sanctions or anti-corruption laws, we could be fined significant sums, incur sizable legal
defense costs, be subject to debarment, and/or our import/export capabilities could be restricted, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business and reputation. Additionally, unethical or fraudulent activities perpetrated by our directors, officers, senior management, associates, third-party 