—Risk Relating to Our Business—We conduct a significant percentage of our operations in the State of Colorado and, as a result, we are partially susceptible to any reduction in budget appropriations for our services and any other adverse developments in that state.” Capitation payments are recognized as revenue in the period to which they relate, with the exception of risk score true-ups, which are estimated and subsequently adjusted when the appropriate information is available. The variable nature of the PMPM capitation payment is driven by changes to each participant’s RAF score, which fluctuates based on the health status of each individual participant. Our capitation revenues included $2.3 million and $2.0 million of risk adjustment true-ups tied to prior periods for the years ended June 30, 2019 and 2020, respectively. We have not received any risk adjustment true-ups tied to prior periods for the six months ended December 31, 2020. Capitation revenues are recognized based on the actual PMPM revenues earned and estimates of the PMPM revenues associated with risk score true-ups. Based on the difference between the RAF score we estimate and the RAF score determined by CMS, we may receive incremental true-up revenue or be required to repay certain amounts. Such true-up revenue or repayment amounts in future periods may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which may have an adverse impact on our revenue if we are unable to accurately document the health needs of our participants. We recognize revenue in the month in which eligible members are entitled to receive healthcare benefits. Although risk score-related adjustments are accrued in most periods, the amount of revenue recognized could be adjusted in subsequent periods once the adjustments have been paid to or from the organization. Other Service Revenue. Other service revenue primarily consists of revenues derived from fee-for-service arrangements, state food grants, rent revenues and management fees. We generate fee-for-service revenue from 88 TABLE OF CONTENTS providing home-care services to non-PACE patients in their homes, for which we bill the patient or their insurance plan on a fee-for-service basis. Fee-for-service revenue accounted for approximately 0.4% and 0.2% of our total revenue during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2019 and 2020, respectively. State food grant revenue accounted for less than 0.1% of our total revenue during each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2019 and 2020. Rent revenues and management fees accounted for approximately 0.3% and 0.2% of our total revenue during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Expenses External Provider Costs. External provider costs consist primarily of the costs for medical care provided by non-InnovAge providers. We separate external provider costs into four categories: inpatient (e.g., hospital), housing (e.g., assisted living), outpatient and pharmacy. In aggregate, external provider costs represent the largest portion of our expenses. Cost of Care, Excluding Depreciation and Amortization. Cost of care, excluding depreciation and amortization, includes the costs we incur to operate our care delivery model. This includes costs related to IDTs, salaries, wages and benefits for center-level staff, participant transportation, medical supplies, occupancy, insurance and other operating costs. IDT employees include medical doctors, registered nurses, social workers, physical, occupational, and speech therapists, nursing assistants, and transportation workers. Center-level employees include clinic managers, dieticians, activity assistants and certified nursing assistants. Cost of care excludes any expenses associated with sales and marketing activities incurred at a local level as well as any allocation of our corporate, general and administrative expenses. A portion of our cost of care is fixed relative to the number of participants we serve, such as occupancy and insurance expenses. The remainder of our cost of care, including our employee-related costs, is directly related to the number of participants cared for in a center. As a result, as revenue increases due to census growth, cost of care, excluding depreciation and amortization, typically decreases as a percentage of revenue. As we open new centers, we expect cost of care, excluding depreciation and amortization, to increase in absolute dollars due to higher census and facility related costs. Sales and Marketing. Sales and marketing expenses consist of employee-related expenses, including salaries, commissions, and employee benefits costs, for all employees engaged in marketing, sales, community outreach and sales support. These employee-related expenses capture all costs for both our field-based and corporate sales and marketing teams. Sales and marketing expenses also include local and centralized advertising costs, as well as the infrastructure required to support our marketing efforts. We expect these costs to increase in absolute dollars over time as we continue to grow our participant census. We evaluate our sales and marketing expenses relative to our participant growth and will invest more heavily in sales and marketing from time-to-time to the extent we believe such investment can accelerate our growth without negatively affecting profitability. Corporate, General and Administrative Expenses. Corporate, general and administrative expenses include employee-related expenses, including salaries and related costs. In addition, general and administrative expenses include all corporate technology and occupancy costs associated with our regional corporate offices. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in absolute dollars following the closing of this offering due to the additional legal, accounting, insurance, investor relations and other costs that we will incur as a public company, as well as other costs associated with continuing to grow our business. However, we anticipate general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue over the long term, although such expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period due to the timing and amount of these expenses. Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expenses are primarily attributable to our buildings and leasehold improvements and our equipment and vehicles. Depreciation and amortization are recorded using the straight-line method over the shorter of estimated useful life or lease terms, to the extent the assets are being leased. 89 TABLE OF CONTENTS Equity Loss. Equity loss primarily represents our proportionate share in the earnings or loss of primarily our joint venture InnovAge California Pace-Sacramento, LLC (“InnovAge Sacramento”), which was created on March 18, 2019 and began operations in fiscal year 2021. InnovAge Sacramento is a PACE organization, and, given that its operations align with our operations, the loss related to this equity method investment is reflected in our operating expenses. In future periods, our results related to InnovAge Sacramento will be included in our consolidated results of operations, as we made additional contributions to and obtained control of InnovAge Sacramento effective as of January 1, 2021. Other Operating Expenses (Income). Other operating expenses (income) consists of the re-measurement of contingent consideration to fair value relating to our acquisition of NewCourtland. Other Income (Expense) Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net, consists primarily of interest payments on our outstanding borrowings, net of interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Loss on Extinguishment of Debt. Loss on extinguishment of debt consists of realized losses from the extinguishment of debt for certain lenders during the amendment of the Credit Agreement in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 and in the six months ended December 31, 2020. Other Expenses (Income). Other expenses (income) consists of a loss on disposal from the write-off of certain leasehold improvements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 and included acquisition transaction costs for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019. Income Taxes .   We, other than InnovAge Senior Housing Thornton, LLC (“SH1”), provide for federal and state income taxes currently payable and for deferred income taxes arising from temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured pursuant to enacted tax laws and rates applicable to periods in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the date of enactment. The members of SH1 have elected for it to be taxed as a partnership, and no provision for income taxes for this entity is included in these consolidated financial statements. A valuation allowance is provided to the extent that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. Tax benefits from uncertain tax positions are recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50.0% likelihood of being realized upon settlement. We recognize interest and penalty expense associated with uncertain tax positions as a component of provision for income taxes. Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests. We own a 0.01% partnership interest in SH1, which is one of our variable interest entities. SH1 was organized to develop, construct, own, maintain, and operate certain apartment complexes intended for rental to low-income elderly individuals aged 62 or older. We are the primary bene