.” Contractual Obligations and Commitments We routinely enter into or extend operating and transportation agreements, office and equipment leases, drilling rig contracts, and other
agreements, in the ordinary course of business. We have not guaranteed the debt or obligations of any other party, nor do we have any other arrangements or relationships with other entities that could potentially result in consolidated debt or
losses. The following table summarizes our obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2023, to make future payments under long-term contracts for the time periods specified below: 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total (in thousands) Prior Credit Facility Principal — — $ 170,964 — — — $ 170,964 Prior Credit Facility Interest (1) 15,558 15,558 5,186 — — — 36,302 Drilling Rig 3,150 — — — — — 3,150 Notes Payable 124 99 43 11 — — 277 Operating Lease Liabilities 105 130 87 87 87 797 1,293 Asset Retirement Obligation — — — — — 970 970 Total $ 18,937 $ 15,787 $ 176,280 $ 98 $ 87 $ 1,767 $ 212,956 (1) This debt bears interest at the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) plus a borrowing spread. In determining future interest, we used outstanding amounts at December 31, 2023 and the average borrowing
cost for calendar year 2023. 98 Table of Contents Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential
exposure to market risk. The term “market risk” refers to the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in oil and natural gas prices and interest rates. The disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses, but
rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. This forward-looking information provides indicators of how we view and manage our ongoing market risk exposures. All of our market risk sensitive instruments were entered into for hedging purposes,
rather than for speculative trading. Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Revenues Our revenues and cash flows from operations are subject to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of commodity prices.
Commodity prices are affected by many factors outside of our control, including changes in market supply and demand, which are impacted by global economic factors, pipeline capacity constraints, inventory levels, basis differentials, weather
conditions and other factors. Commodity prices have long been volatile and unpredictable, and we expect this volatility to continue in the future. There can be no assurance that commodity prices will not be subject to continued wide fluctuations in the future. A substantial or extended
decline in such prices could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and quantities of oil and gas reserves that may be economically produced, which could result in impairments of our oil and gas
properties. Commodity Price Risk and Hedges Our major market risk exposure is in the pricing that we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGL production. Oil, natural gas and NGLs are
commodities and, therefore, their prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand. Historically, the oil, natural gas and NGL markets have been volatile. Our revenues, profitability and future
growth are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGL sales, and the levels of our production, depend on numerous factors beyond our control, some of which are described under “Risk Factors.” Our primary market risk exposure is in the pricing that we receive for our oil, natural gas and NGL production. Pricing for oil, natural gas
and NGLs has been volatile and unpredictable for several years, and we expect this volatility to continue for the foreseeable future. Based on our production for the year ended December 31, 2023, our oil and gas sales for the year ended
December 31, 2023 would have moved up or down $8.5 million for each 10% change in oil prices per Bbl, $5.0 million for each 10% change in gas prices per Mcf, and $2.5 million for each 10% change in NGL prices per Bbl. Based on our
production for the six months ended June 30, 2024, our oil and gas sales for the first half of 2024 would have moved up or down $8.6 million for each 10% change in oil prices per Bbl, $2.5 million for each 10% change in gas prices per
Mcf, and $2.0 million for each 10% change in NGL prices per Bbl. Due to this volatility, we have historically used, and we may elect
to continue to selectively use, commodity derivative instruments (such as collars, swaps, puts and basis swaps) to mitigate price risk associated with a portion of our anticipated production. Our derivative instruments allow us to reduce, but not
eliminate, the potential effects of the variability in cash flows that can emanate from fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices, and thereby provide increased certainty of cash flows for our drilling program and debt service requirements. These
instruments provide only partial price protection against declines in oil and natural gas prices, but alternatively they partially limit our potential gains from future increases in prices. Our Credit Agreement limits our ability to enter into
commodity hedges covering greater than 85% of our reasonably anticipated, projected production from proved properties. “Risk Factors” contains additional information regarding the volumes of our production covered by derivatives and the
associated risks. 99 Table of Contents Counterparty and Customer Credit Risk Our derivatives expose us to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by counterparties. When the fair value of a derivative contract is
positive, the counterparty owes the Company, which creates credit risk. We minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by: (i) limiting its exposure to any single counterparty; and (ii) only entering into hedging arrangements with
counterparties that are also participants in the Company’s Credit Agreement, all of which have investment-grade credit ratings. Our
principal exposures to credit risk are through receivables resulting from the sales of our oil, natural gas, and NGLs. The inability or failure of our significant customers to meet their obligations to us or their insolvency or liquidation may
adversely affect our financial results. However, we believe the credit quality of our customers is high. We sell our production to a
relatively small number of customers, as is customary in its business. We extend and monitor credit based on an evaluation of their financial conditions and publicly available credit ratings. The future availability of a ready market for natural gas
depends on numerous factors outside of our control, none of which can be predicted with certainty. For 2023, we had three customers that exceeded 10% of total revenues. We do not believe the loss of any single purchaser would materially impact our
operating results as crude oil and natural gas are fungible products with well-established markets and numerous purchasers. Interest Rate Risk As of December 31, 2023, the Company’s reserves supported a $275 million credit facility of which $171 million in
borrowings was outstanding leaving $104 million of unused capacity. As of June 30, 2024, $187.5 million was outstanding leaving $87.5 million of unused capacity under our Prior Credit Facility. Our largest exposure with respect
to variable-rate debt comes from changes in the relevant benchmark rate underlying such debt financings, principally SOFR. We currently do not have an interest rate hedge program to hedge our exposure to floating interest rates on our variable-rate
debt obligations. If annual interest rates increase 50 basis points, based on our December 31, 2023 and June 30, 2024, variable-rate debt, annual interest expense on variable-rate debt would increase by approximately $0.9 million. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 100 Table of Contents BUSINESS Our Company We are a growth oriented,
free cash flow generating, independent energy company focused on the acquisition, development, and production of hydrocarbons in the Appalachian Basin. We are focused on creating shareholder value through the identification and disciplined
development of low-risk, highly economic oil and natural gas assets while maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet. Additionally, we have proven our ability to grow our acreage position through organic
leasing efforts and accretive acquisitions. We are an early mover into the core of the Utica Shale’s volatile oil window in eastern Ohio as well as the emerging dry gas Utica Shale in southwestern Pennsylvania. Our Marcellus Shale development
overlays our deep dry gas Utica assets in Pennsylvania, providing highly economic stacked development inventory that leverages the same company-owned midstream infrastructure. We have amassed approximately 90,000 net surface acres with exposure to
the core of these plays providing us a unique and balanced portfolio of high-return oil and natural gas drilling locations. This balance allows us to optimize our development plan across our portfolio to capitalize on changes in commodity pricing
over time. We believe our technical and managerial expertise allow us to execute our strategies and deliver industry leading results. Our
expertise is bolstered by the continuity of our core team, which has worked together for a decade. Since our initial acquisition in southwestern Pennsylvania in March 2018, we have increased our operated horizontal well count from 2 to 125 (40 of
which we drilled) with an additional nine wells in process, not including five non-operated wells in process, as of June 30, 2024. In total, we have increased our net daily production from virtually zero at the beginning of 2021 to 25 Mboe/d
(29% oil and 48% liquids) for the quarte