" and elsewhere in this
prospectus. Overview We are a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative and minimally invasive solutions for
patients with obstructive sleep apnea. Our proprietary Inspire system is the first and only FDA-approved neurostimulation technology that provides a safe and effective treatment for moderate to severe
obstructive sleep apnea. We have developed a novel, closed-loop solution that continuously monitors a patient's breathing and delivers mild hypoglossal nerve stimulation to maintain an open airway.
Inspire therapy is indicated for patients with moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea who do not have significant central sleep apnea and do not have a complete concentric collapse of the airway
at the soft palate level. In addition, patients in the United States must have been confirmed to fail or be unable to tolerate positive airway pressure treatments, such as CPAP, and be 22 years
of age or older, though there are no similar requirements for patients in Europe. We
sell our Inspire system to hospitals and ASCs in the United States and in select countries in Europe through a direct sales organization. Our direct sales force engages in sales
efforts and promotional activities focused on ENT physicians and sleep centers. In addition, we highlight our compelling clinical data and value proposition to increase awareness and adoption amongst
referring physicians. We build upon this top-down approach with strong direct-to-patient marketing initiatives to create awareness of the benefits of our Inspire system and drive demand through
patient empowerment. This outreach helps to educate thousands of patients on our Inspire therapy and frequently results in patient leads. We increased the number of employees in our sales, marketing
and reimbursement organizations from 40 as of December 31, 2015 to 117 as of September 30, 2018. Although
our sales and marketing efforts are directed at patients and physicians because they are the primary users of our technology, we consider the hospitals and ASCs where the
procedure is performed to be our customers, as they are the purchasing agents of our Inspire system. Our customers are reimbursed the cost required to treat each patient through various third-party
payors, such as commercial payors and government agencies. Our Inspire system is currently reimbursed primarily on a per-patient prior authorization basis for patients covered by commercial payors, on
a medical necessity basis for most patients covered by Medicare, and under U.S. government contract for patients who are treated by the Veterans Health Administration. To date, approximately 300
commercial payors have reimbursed hospitals and ASCs for patients' treatment with our Inspire therapy through the prior authorization process. In July 2018, Aetna Inc., one of the leading
health plans in the United States, began providing coverage for our Inspire therapy, bringing the number of our secured positive coverage policies to nine U.S. commercial payors. In June 2018, Japan's
Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare approved our Inspire therapy to treat moderate to severe OSA, and we will now seek reimbursement coverage in Japan. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2018, 86.9% of our revenue was derived in the United States and 13.1% was derived in Europe. No single customer accounted for more than 3% of our revenue. 65 Table of Contents We
rely on third-party suppliers to manufacture our Inspire system and its components. Many of these suppliers are currently single source suppliers. We seek to maintain higher levels
of inventory to protect ourselves from supply interruptions, and, as a result, we are subject to the risk of inventory obsolescence and expiration, which could lead to inventory impairment charges. In
the United States, we currently ship our Inspire system from our facility in Minnesota directly to our customers on a purchase order basis. Warehousing and shipping operations for our European
customers are handled by a third-party vendor with facilities located in the Netherlands. Customers do not have the right to return non-defective product, nor do we place product on consignment. Our
sales representatives do not maintain trunk stock. Since
our inception in 2007, we have financed our operations primarily through sales of our Inspire system, private placements of our convertible preferred securities, amounts borrowed
under our credit facility, and the initial public offering of our common stock, which closed in May 2018. We have devoted significant resources to research and development activities related to our
Inspire system, including clinical and regulatory initiatives to obtain marketing approval, and sales and marketing activities. For the nine months ended September 30, 2018, we generated
revenue of $34.0 million with a gross margin of 79.8% and a net loss of $17.1 million compared to revenue of $18.6 million with a gross margin of 77.8% and a net loss of
$13.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2017. Our accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2018 was $142.1 million. We
have invested heavily in product development. Our research and development activities have been centered on driving continuous improvements to our Inspire therapy. We have also made
significant investments in clinical studies to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our Inspire therapy and to support regulatory submissions. We intend to make significant investments building our
sales and marketing organization by increasing the number of U.S. sales representatives and continuing our direct-to-patient marketing efforts in existing and new markets throughout the United States
and in Europe. We also intend to continue to make investments in research and development efforts to develop our next generation Inspire systems and support our future regulatory submissions for
expanded indications and for new markets such as Europe and Japan. Because of these and other factors, we expect to continue to incur net losses for the next several years and we expect to require
substantial additional funding, which may include future equity and debt financings. On
May 7, 2018, we completed our IPO by issuing 7,762,500 shares of common stock, at an offering price of $16.00 per share, for net proceeds of approximately
$112.0 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us. Components of Our Results of Operations Revenue We derive primarily all of our revenue from the sale of our Inspire system to hospitals and ASCs in the United States and select countries in
Europe. Recent revenue growth has been driven by, and we expect continued growth as a result of, increased patient and physician awareness of the Inspire system, additional sales representatives and
an increase in approvals of prior authorization submissions. Any reversal in these recent trends, however, could have a negative impact on our future revenue. In addition, we have expanded our sales
and marketing organization to help us drive and support revenue growth and intend to continue this expansion. Moreover, we expect that our revenue growth will be positively impacted by, and to the
extent we obtain, additional positive coverage policies. Our revenue has fluctuated, and we expect our revenue to continue to fluctuate, from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors. For
example, we have historically experienced seasonality in our first and fourth quarters. 66 Table of Contents Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Margin Cost of goods sold consists primarily of acquisition costs of the components of the Inspire system, overhead costs, scrap and inventory
obsolescence, as well as distribution-related expenses such as logistics and shipping costs, net of costs charged to customers. The overhead costs include the cost of material procurement and
operations supervision and management personnel. We expect overhead costs as a percentage of revenue to continue to decrease as our sales volume increases. We expect cost of goods sold to increase in
absolute dollars primarily as, and to the extent, our revenue grows. We
calculate gross margin as gross profit divided by revenue. Our gross margin has been and we expect it will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including manufacturing
costs, the average selling price of our Inspire system, the implementation of cost-reduction strategies, inventory obsolescence costs, which generally occur when new generations of our Inspire system
are introduced, and to a lesser extent the sales mix between the United States and Europe as our average selling price in the United States tends to be higher than in Europe. Our gross margin may
increase over the long term to the extent our production volumes increase and we receive discounts on the costs charged by our contract manufacturers, thereby reducing our per unit costs. However, our
gross margin may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to seasonality. Selling and Marketing Expenses Selling and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation for personnel, including base salaries, stock-based compensation and
commissions associated with sales results, spending related to marketing, sales operations and training and reimbursement personnel. Other selling and marketing expenses include training physicians,
travel expenses, advertising, direct-to-patient promotional programs, conferences, trade shows and consulting services. We expect selling and marketing expenses to continue to increase in absolute
dollars as we expand our commercial infrastructure to both drive and support our planned growth in revenue. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist primarily of product development, engineering, clinical studies to develop and support our products,
regulatory expenses, testing, consulting services and other costs associated with the next generat