You should carefully read and consider the information set forth under “ Risk Factors ,” together with all of the other information set forth in this prospectus, before deciding to invest in our securities. Nasdaq Capital Market Symbol INTS Except as otherwise indicated, the number of shares of Common Stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering is based on 15,264,869 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of April 21, 2025 and excludes, as of such date, the following: • 2,543,067 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options with a weighted average exercise price of $6.18 per share; • 2,041,563 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase Common Stock with a weighted average exercise price of $4.32 per share; and • 2,455,011 additional shares of the Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. Unless otherwise indicated, the discussion and table above assume no exercise of the outstanding options and warrants described above and excludes the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Common Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants offered in this offering. 7 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information contained in this prospectus and in the documents we incorporate by reference into this prospectus before you decide to purchase our securities. In particular, you should carefully consider and evaluate the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024. Any of the risks and uncertainties set forth below and in the Annual Report, as updated by annual, quarterly and other reports and documents that we file with the SEC and incorporate by reference into this prospectus, or any prospectus, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the value of any securities offered by this prospectus. As a result, you could lose all or part of your investment . Risks Related to this Offering This is a reasonable best efforts offering, with no minimum amount of securities required to be sold, and we may sell fewer than all of the securities offered hereby. The Placement Agents have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the securities in this offering. The Placement Agents have no obligation to buy any of the securities from us or to arrange for the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of the securities. There is no required minimum number of securities that must be sold as a condition to completion of this offering, and there can be no assurance that the offering contemplated hereby will ultimately be consummated. Even if we sell securities offered hereby, because there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to closing of this offering, the actual offering amount is not presently determinable and may be substantially less than the maximum amount set forth on the cover page of this prospectus supplement. We may sell fewer than all of the securities offered hereby, which may significantly reduce the amount of proceeds received by us. Thus, we may not raise the amount of capital we believe is required for our operations in the short-term and may need to raise additional funds, which may not be available or available on terms acceptable to us. We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from this offering and may not use them effectively. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from this offering and could spend the net proceeds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our Common Stock. Furthermore, you will not have the opportunity as part of your investment decision to assess whether such proceeds are being used appropriately. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of our cash and cash equivalents, including the net proceeds from this offering, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our Common Stock to decline and delay the development of our drug candidates. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing instruments, which may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In order to raise additional capital, we expect to offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price that is equal to or greater than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price at which we sell additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share in this offering. 8 Because there are no current plans to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell shares of our Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our Common Stock unless you sell your shares of our Common Stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. The market price and trading volume of shares of our Common Stock has exhibited substantial volatility and may be volatile. The market price of shares of our Common Stock has exhibited substantial volatility and may continue to be volatile. Between April 21, 2024 and April 21, 2025, the daily closing price of shares of our Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq ranged from a low of $1.74 to a high of $5.10. The market price of shares of our Common Stock could continue to fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including the following factors: • reports of the results of our clinical trials regarding the safety or efficacy of our product candidates and surrogate markers; • the impact of restructuring or federal budget cuts at the FDA or other governmental agencies; • announcements of regulatory developments or technological innovations by us or our competitors; • announcements of business or strategic transactions or our success in finalizing such a transaction; • announcements of legal or regulatory actions against us or any adverse outcome of any such actions; • changes in our relationships with our licensors, licensees and other strategic partners; • low volume in the number of shares of our Common Stock traded on Nasdaq; • our quarterly or annual operating results; • announcements of dilutive financing; • announcements of additional potential reverse stock splits; • developments in patent or other technology ownership rights; • additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us and, in the case of equity financings, may result in dilution to our stockholders; • government regulation of drug pricing; and • general changes in the economy, the financial markets or the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries. Factors beyond our control may also have an impact on the market price of shares of our Common Stock. For example, to the extent that other companies within our industry experience declines in their stock prices, the market price of shares of our Common Stock may decline as well 9 Because there is no minimum required for the offering to close, investors in this offering will not receive a refund in the event that we do not sell an amount of securities sufficient to pursue the business goals outlined in this prospectus. We have not specified a minimum offering amount nor have or will we establish an escrow account in connection with this offering. Because there is no escrow account and no minimum offering amount, investors could be in a position where they have invested in our company, but we are unable to fulfill our objectives due to a lack of interest in this offering. Further, because there is no escrow account in operation and no minimum investment amount, any proceeds from the sale of securities offered by us will be available for our immediate use, despite uncertainty about whether we would be able to use such funds to effectively implement our business plan. Investor funds will not be returned under any circumstances whether during or after the offering. There is no public market for the Common Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock being offered by us in this offering. There is no established public trading market for the Common Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase shares of the Common Stock that are being offered as part of this offering, and we do no