Any investment in shares of our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information contained in this prospectus and any subsequent prospectus
supplement, including our financial statements and related notes thereto, before deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock.
In particular, you should carefully consider, among other things, the risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “ Risk
Factors ” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, which is incorporated by reference
herein. However, such risks and those discussed elsewhere in any subsequent prospectus supplement are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that
adversely affect us. If any of the risks described in any subsequent prospectus supplement or others not specified therein materialize,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, you may lose all
or part of your investment. Our stock price is likely to be highly volatile
because of several factors, including a limited public float. The market price of our common stock has been
volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile in the future. You may not be able to resell
shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market’s adverse reaction to volatility. Other factors that could cause such volatility
may include, among other things: ● actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; ● the absence of securities analysts covering us and distributing research and recommendations about us; ● we may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; ● overall stock market fluctuations; ● announcements concerning our business or those of our competitors; ● actual or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; ● conditions or trends in the industry; ● litigation; ● changes in market valuations of other similar companies; ● future sales of common stock; ● departure of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and ● general market conditions. Any of these factors could have a significant
and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in general has at times experienced extreme
volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These
broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 4 Substantial future sales of shares of common
stock could cause the market price of our shares of common stock to decline. We have agreed, at our expense, to prepare and
file with the SEC certain registration statements providing for the resale of shares of common stock, including this registration statement.
The resale, or expected or potential resale, of a substantial number of our shares of common stock in the public market could adversely
affect the market price for our shares of common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock at times
and prices that you feel are appropriate. In particular, as a result of the SEPA, Streeterville is an “underwriter” as such
term is defined in Section 2(a)(11) of Securities Act, and the SEPA contemplates that Streeterville expects to resell any shares
of common stock we may issue and sell pursuant thereto. Furthermore, we expect that, because there will be a large number of shares registered,
Streeterville will continue to offer such covered securities for a significant period of time, the precise duration of which cannot be
predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from an offering pursuant to a registration statement may continue
for an extended period of time. The issuances of additional shares of common stock under the
SEPA may result in dilution of holders of common stock and have a negative impact on the market price of the common stock. Pursuant to the SEPA, we may issue and sell up
to $10 million worth of shares of common stock (“Advance Shares”) to Streeterville. The price at which we may issue and sell
shares is at 95% of the lowest daily VWAP of the common stock during the three trading days following a notice to sell to Streeterville.
Assuming that (a) we issue and sell the full $10 million worth of shares of common stock under the SEPA to Streeterville, (b) no
beneficial ownership limitations, and (c) the issue price for such sales is $1.08 per share, such additional issuances would represent
in the aggregate approximately 1,195,666 additional shares of common stock or approximately 16.5% of the total number of shares of common
stock outstanding as of the date hereof, after giving effect to such issuance. In addition, the Company issued 92,592 shares of common
stock (the “Streeterville Commitment Shares”) to Streeterville upon the effective date of the SEPA as consideration for its
irrevocable commitment to purchase shares of common stock at our direction, from time to time after the date of this prospectus. Furthermore,
the Company issued 216,921 shares of common stock (the “Pre-Delivery Shares”) to Streeterville for the purchase price of $0.01
per share upon the effective date of the SEPA as further consideration for its irrevocable commitment to purchase shares of common stock
at our direction, from time to time after the date of this prospectus. If the beneficial ownership limitation is not waived, we may issue
approximately 670,365, shares of common stock, or approximately 9.99% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding as of
the date hereof, after giving effect to such issuance. The timing, frequency, and the price at which we issue shares of common stock are
subject to market prices and management’s decision to sell shares of common stock, if at all. Upon effectiveness of this registration statement,
Streeterville may resell all, some or none of their shares of common stock beneficially owned by them from time to time in their discretion
and at different prices subject to the terms of the SEPA. As a result, investors will likely pay different prices for those shares, and
so may experience different levels of dilution (and in some cases substantial dilution) and different outcomes in their investment results.
Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase as a result of future issuances by the Company, whether to
Streeterville or others at prices lower than the prices such investors paid for their shares. In addition, if we issue a substantial number
of shares to such parties, or if investors expect that we will do so, the actual sales of shares or the mere existence of the SEPA may
adversely affect the price of our common stock or make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future
at a desirable time and price, or at all. The issuance, if any, of common stock would not
affect the rights or privileges of the Company’s existing stockholders, except that the economic and voting interests of existing
stockholders would be diluted. Although the number of shares of common stock that existing stockholders own would not decrease as a result
of these additional issuances, the shares of common stock owned by existing stockholders would represent a smaller percentage of the total
outstanding shares of common stock after any such issuance, potentially significantly smaller. Future sales of our common stock may depress
our share price. As of July 15, 2024, we had 6,040,009 shares of
our common stock outstanding. Sales of a number of shares of common stock in the public market or issuances of additional shares pursuant
to the exercise of our outstanding warrants, or the expectation of such sales or exercises, could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. We may also sell additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for
common stock in subsequent public or private offerings or other transactions, which may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock. 5 Our common stock may be delisted from The
Nasdaq Capital Market if we cannot maintain compliance with The Nasdaq Capital Market’s continued listing requirements. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital
Market. There are a number of continued listing requirements that we must satisfy in order to maintain our listing on The Nasdaq Capital
Market. On September 26, 2023, the Company received a
written notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“NASDAQ”) notifying the Company that the closing bid price of the Company’s
common shares (the “Common Stock”) over the 30 consecutive trading days from August 14, 2023, through September 25, 2023,
had fallen below $1.00 per share, which is the minimum closing bid price required to maintain listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market under
Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Requirement”). In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company
had 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement (the “Grace Period”), or until March 25, 2024,
subject to a potential 180 calendar day extension. To regain compliance, the closing bid price of the Company’s Common Stock must
be at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days within the Grace Period. On March 26, 2024, the Company received
an additional notice from Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company had not regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Requirement and
is not eligible for a second 180-day period because the Company does not comply with 