Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties
described below,
together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end of this prospectus, before deciding to invest
in shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects would likely be materially and adversely
affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to our Business If our product candidates are determined to be unsafe or ineffective in humans, our business and financial condition will be materially and adversely  affected. We are in the early stages of drug discovery and development and have never commercialized any of our product candidates. As a result, we are
uncertain whether
any of our compounds or product candidates will prove effective and safe in humans or meet applicable regulatory standards. In addition, our approach to applying our expertise in multivalency to drug
discovery is unproven and may not result in the creation of successful medicines. All of our compounds and product candidates are in an early stage of development and their risk of failure is high. To
date, the data supporting our drug discovery and development programs is derived solely from laboratory and preclinical studies and limited clinical trials. Our most advanced product candidate,
telavancin, is currently in Phase 2 clinical trials in the United States, Europe and South Africa. In addition, with the exception of our product candidate TD-6301 and a number of product
candidates that are part of our collaboration with GSK, all of our other compounds remain in the lead identification, lead optimization and preclinical testing stages. It is impossible to predict when
or if any of our compounds and product candidates will prove effective or safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. If we are unable to discover and develop medicines that are effective and
safe in humans, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. If our clinical trials fail to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, we will be unable to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our product  candidates. We must provide the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and similar foreign regulatory authorities with data from preclinical studies and clinical
trials that
demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective for a defined indication before they can be approved for commercial distribution. Currently, telavancin, product candidates in our LABA
collaboration with GSK and TD-6301, our lead overactive bladder product candidate, are in Phase 1 or 2 clinical trials. Clinical trials involving our product candidates may reveal that
those candidates are ineffective, are unacceptably toxic or have other unacceptable side effects. Likewise, the results of preclinical studies do not predict clinical success, and larger and
later-stage clinical trials may not produce the same results as earlier-stage clinical trials. Frequently, product candidates that have shown promising results in early preclinical studies or clinical
trials have subsequently suffered significant setbacks or failed in later clinical trials. In addition, clinical trials of potential products often reveal that it is not possible or practical to
continue development efforts for these product candidates. If our clinical trials are substantially delayed or fail to prove the safety and effectiveness of our product candidates, our business and
financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 6 Any failure or delay in commencing or completing clinical trials for our product candidates could severely harm our business. Each of our product candidates must undergo extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials as a condition to regulatory approval. Preclinical
studies and
clinical trials are expensive and take many years to complete. To date we have not completed the clinical testing of any product candidate. The commencement and completion of clinical trials for our
product candidates may be delayed by many factors, including: • our
inability or the inability of our collaborators or licensees to manufacture or obtain from third parties materials sufficient for use in preclinical studies and clinical
trials; • delays
in patient enrollment and variability in the number and types of patients available for clinical trials; • difficulty
in maintaining contact with patients after treatment, resulting in incomplete data; • poor
effectiveness of product candidates during clinical trials; • unforeseen
safety issues or side effects; and • governmental
or regulatory delays and changes in regulatory requirements and guidelines. It
is possible that none of our product candidates will complete clinical trials in any of the markets in which we, our collaborators or licensees intend to sell those product
candidates. Accordingly, we, our collaborators or licensees may not receive the regulatory approvals needed to market our product candidates. Any failure or delay in commencing or completing clinical
trials or obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates would severely harm our business and financial condition. If the product candidates we develop are not approved by regulatory agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration, we will be unable to commercialize them. The FDA must approve any new medicine before it can be marketed and sold in the United States. We will not obtain this approval for a product
candidate unless
and until the FDA approves a New Drug Application (NDA) in which we have demonstrated that our product candidate is effective and safe. The regulatory agencies of foreign governments and agencies must
also approve our product candidates before they can be sold in those countries and they generally have similar standards. Negative or inconclusive results or adverse events or findings during a
preclinical study or a clinical trial could cause a test or trial to be repeated or a program to be terminated. Data obtained from these tests and trials are susceptible to varying interpretations
that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development and regulatory review of each submitted New Drug Application
may cause delays or rejections of the product. Even if our product candidates receive regulatory approval, commercialization of such products may be adversely effected by regulatory actions. Even if we receive regulatory approval, this approval may include limitations on the indicated uses for which we can market our medicines. Further, if
we obtain
regulatory approval, a marketed medicine and its manufacturer are subject to continual review, including review and approval of the manufacturing facilities. Discovery of previously unknown problems
with a medicine may result in restrictions on its permissible uses, or on the manufacturer, including withdrawal of the medicine from the market. Failure to maintain regulatory approval will limit our
ability to commercialize our product candidates, which would materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. 7 We have incurred operating losses in each year since our inception and expect to continue to incur substantial and increasing losses for the foreseeable future. We have not generated any product sales revenue to date. We may never generate revenue from selling medicines or achieve profitability. We expect to
continue to
incur substantial and increasing losses for the foreseeable future, particularly as we increase our research and development, clinical trial and administrative activity. As a result, we are uncertain
when or if we will be able to achieve or sustain profitability. We have been engaged in discovering and developing compounds and product candidates since mid-1997. As of March 31,
2004, we had an accumulated deficit of $386.7 million. Our ability to generate product sales revenue and achieve profitability is dependent on our ability to successfully complete the
development of our product candidates, conduct clinical trials, obtain necessary regulatory approvals and have our products manufactured and marketed. We cannot assure you that we will be profitable
even if we successfully commercialize our products. Failure to become and remain profitable would adversely affect the price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital and continue
operations. If we fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, we may be unable to develop our products and we could be forced to share our rights to commercialize our  product candidates with third parties on terms
that may not be favorable to us. We need large amounts of capital to support our research and development efforts. If we are unable to secure capital to fund our operations we will
not be able
to continue our discovery and development efforts and we might have to enter into strategic collaborations that could require us to share commercial rights to our medicines to a greater extent than we
currently intend. Based on our current operating plans, we believe that the proceeds from this offering, together with our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities, will be sufficient to
meet our anticipated operating needs for at least the next eighteen months. We expect to require additional capital after that period. In
addition, if GSK files for regulatory approval of a medicine containing a LABA product candidate discovered by GSK and then also if the approved medicine is sold commercially, we
would be required to pay GSK milestone paymen