described in this prospectus. 36 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements If we are unable to achieve and sustain a level of liquidity sufficient to support our
operations and fulfill our obligations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We actively monitor and manage our cash and cash equivalents so that sufficient liquidity is available to fund our operations
and other corporate purposes. In the future, increased levels of liquidity may be required to adequately support our operations and initiatives and to mitigate the effects of business challenges or unforeseen circumstances. If we are unable to
achieve and sustain such increased levels of liquidity, we may suffer adverse consequences, including reduced investment in our platform development, difficulties in executing our business plan and fulfilling our obligations, and other operational
challenges. Any of these developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our
business is exposed to risks related to third-party financing of our customers’ subscriptions to our Connected Operations Cloud. Historically, some of our customers have relied on third parties to finance their purchase of subscriptions to our Connected
Operations Cloud. This need to arrange third-party credit may lengthen our sales cycles or otherwise lengthen the amount of time required to negotiate customer agreements. We have historically provided customers seeking financing with contact
information for lenders that are known to us through their financing of other customers’ subscriptions. These arrangements can create challenging dynamics for us when disputes arise between a customer and a lender to whom we have introduced a
customer. In the event that financing is not available to those of our customers who require it, on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we could experience reduced sales, extended sales cycles, and increased churn. In the event of a dispute
between a customer and a lender, we could suffer reputational harm and damage to our relationships with customers and those that provide financing to our customers. The occurrence of any of these would adversely impact our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. We may not be able to maintain and expand our business if we are not able to hire, retain and
manage qualified personnel, and in particular, our key personnel. Our success in the future depends in part on the
continued contribution of our executive, technical, engineering, sales, marketing, operations and administrative personnel, particularly Sanjit Biswas, our Chief Executive Officer and co-founder, and John
Bicket, our Chief Technology Officer and co-founder. Recruiting and retaining skilled personnel in the industries in which we operate, including engineers and other technical staff and skilled sales and
marketing personnel, is highly competitive. In addition, the success of any future acquisitions depends in part on our retention and integration of key personnel from the acquired company or business. Although we may enter into employment agreements with members of our senior management and other key personnel, these
arrangements are at-will and do not prevent any of our management or key personnel from leaving the company. If we are not able to attract or retain qualified personnel in the future, or if we experience
delays in hiring required personnel, particularly qualified technical and sales personnel, we may not be able to maintain and expand our business. Further, we rely in part on direct sales employees to sell our products in the United States and internationally. We are
focused on increasing the size and effectiveness of our sales force, marketing activities, sales management team and corporate infrastructure, as well as exploring further relationships with third-party resellers. At present, we intend to significantly increase the size of our current direct sales organization and to more efficiently leverage our expanded sales force to increase sales coverage for our solution. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to attract and retain the additional personnel necessary to grow and expand our business and operations. Further, we expect that the onboarding of new sales and marketing personnel will take considerable time to enable new employees to ramp up
to full productivity. During the fiscal year ended January 30, 2021, we implemented a reduction in headcount and temporarily froze hiring across the company in 37 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. If we are unable to expand our sales force at sufficiently high levels and onboard new sales personnel successfully,
our ability to attract new customers may be harmed, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, any failure to adequately train our employees on how to communicate the uses and benefits
of our solution to potential and existing customers may prevent us from increasing our market share and revenue. If we fail to identify, attract, retain and motivate these highly skilled personnel, we will be unable to achieve our growth
expectations, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. Our ability to achieve customer
renewals and increase sales of our products is dependent on the quality of our customer success and support teams, and our failure to offer high quality support would have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, and results of operations. Our customers depend on our customer support team to resolve issues and our customer success team to realize the
full benefits relating to our Connected Operations Cloud. If we do not succeed in helping our customers quickly resolve post-deployment issues or provide effective ongoing support and education on our Connected Operations Cloud, our ability to sell
additional subscriptions to, or renew subscriptions with, existing customers or expand the value of existing customers’ subscriptions would be adversely affected and our reputation with potential customers could be damaged. Many large customers
have more complex IT environments and require higher levels of support than smaller customers. If we fail to meet the requirements of these larger customers, it may be more difficult to grow sales with them. Additionally, it can take several months to recruit, hire, and train qualified engineering-level customer support employees.
We may not be able to hire such employees fast enough to keep up with demand, particularly if the sales of our products exceed our internal forecasts. To the extent that we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, and retaining adequate customer
support employees, our ability to provide adequate and timely support to our customers, and our customers’ satisfaction with our products, will be adversely affected. Our failure to provide and maintain high-quality support services would have
an adverse effect on our business, reputation, and results of operations. If we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our
business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed. We believe that maintaining and enhancing
our reputation as a differentiated and category-defining company is critical to our relationships with our existing customers and to our ability to attract new customers. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as
competition in our market increases, and that brand and reputation are particularly important in the physical operations industry given the potential impact of any failure of our solution on the physical operations of our customers. The successful
promotion of our brand attributes will depend on a number of factors, including our and our channel partners’ marketing efforts, our ability to continue to develop high-quality solutions and our ability to successfully differentiate our
Applications from those of competitors. In addition, independent industry analysts may provide reviews of our solution and our competitors’ products, which could influence the perception of the relative value of our Connected Operations Cloud
in the marketplace. If these reviews are negative, or less positive as compared to those of our competitors’ products, our brand may be harmed. The promotion of our brand requires us to make substantial expenditures, and we anticipate that the expenditures will increase
as our market becomes more competitive, as we expand into new markets, and as more sales are generated through our channel partners. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do,
any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, our business may not grow, we may have reduced pricing power relative to competitors, and we could lose
customers or fail to attract potential customers, any of which would harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 38 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Issues in the use of AI in our solution may result in reputational harm or liability. AI is enabled by or integrated into some of our existing solutions and may play an increased role in our future offerings. As
with many developing technologies, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its further development, adoption, and use, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient, of poor quality, or contain
biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by data scientists, engineers, and end-users of our systems could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. If the recommendations, forecasts, or
analyses that AI applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient or inacc