Investing in our
    common stock is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk . For a discussion of factors to consider before deciding
    to invest in our securities, you should carefully review and consider the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus beginning
    on page 8 of this prospectus. 7 RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock is highly
speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Therefore, you should be able to bear the complete loss of your investment.
You should carefully consider the risks described below, the other information in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference
herein when evaluating our company and our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. In such
case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors could lose all or a part of the money paid to buy our common
stock Risks Relating to our Company We have had very limited operations
to date with our current business model. We only began developing our current business
December 2019, when we sold our Mexican subsidiaries and began to focus solely on application-based payment solutions, as opposed to
our prior business plan which was based on payments via physical kiosks. Moreover, COVID-19 resulted in significant delays in the development
and commercial launch of IPSIPay and Beyond Wallet, and we only achieved full commercial availability of our flagship offering IPSIPay
in September 2022. As such, we have a very limited operating history in our current business model, which makes it difficult to evaluate
both our operating history and our future potential. We have yet to demonstrate our ability to overcome the risks frequently encountered
in “start-up” companies, including in the payment services industry in the United States, and are still subject to many of
the risks common to early stage companies, including the uncertainty as to our ability to implement our business plan, market acceptance
of our proposed business and services, under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financing and other
resources and uncertainty of our ability to generate revenues. There is therefore a significant risk that our activities will not result
in any material revenues or profit, and the likelihood of our business viability and long term prospects must be considered in light
of the stage of our development. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fulfill our stated business strategy and plans, or
that financial, technological, market, or other limitations may force us to modify, alter, significantly delay, or significantly impede
the implementation of such plans. We have insufficient results of operations in our current business model for investors to use to identify
historical trends. Investors should consider our prospects considering the risk, expenses and difficulties we will encounter as an early-stage
company. Our revenue and income potential is unproven and our business model is continually evolving. We are subject to the risks inherent
to the operation of a new business enterprise and cannot assure you that we will be able to address these risks, and our inability to
address these risks could lead to the failure of our business.. We have generated
and we will likely continue to generate, operating losses and experience negative cash flows, and it is uncertain whether we will achieve
profitability. For the year ended December
31, 2021 and the nine months ended September 30, 2022, we incurred a net loss of $14,494,915 and $6,208,074, respectively. We have an
accumulated deficit of $48,290,394 through September 30, 2022. We expect to continue to incur operating losses until such time, if ever,
as we are able to achieve sufficient levels of revenue from operations. There can be no assurance that we will ever generate significant
sales or achieve profitability. Accordingly, the extent of future losses and the time required to achieve profitability, if ever, cannot
be predicted. We also expect to experience
negative cash flows for the foreseeable future as we fund our operating losses. Although we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents
will be sufficient for the near term, if in the long term we do not generate significant revenues or raise additional financing in order
to achieve and maintain profitability. We may not be able to generate these revenues or achieve profitability in the future. Our failure
to achieve or maintain profitability would likely negatively impact the value of our securities and financing activities. We have a present
need for additional funding, which raises questions about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may be unable to raise capital
when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. As of September 30, 2022,
we had cash and cash equivalents of $1,352,983. We believe that based on our current operating plan, our existing cash and cash equivalents
will only be sufficient to enable us to fund our operations and our debt and other obligations for a very limited period. See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” below. This raises
questions about our ability to continue as a going concern. Moreover, we have significant indebtedness due in December 2023, and thus
we will need significant additional funds to repay our debt, fund our working capital, and fully implement our business plan as we seek
to achieve revenues, positive cash flow and profitability. There is a material risk that we will be unable to generate sufficient revenues
to pay our expenses, and if our existing sources of cash and cash flows are insufficient to fund our activities, we will need to raise
additional funds. Additional equity or debt financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, particularly in the current
economic environment. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of
our new products in development. 8 Until such time, if
ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we will be required to finance our cash needs through public or private equity
offerings, debt financings and corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities,
our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. Any debt
financing or additional equity that we may raise may contain terms, such as liquidation and other preferences, that are not favorable
to us or our stockholders. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be
necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that
may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to generate cash flow positive
operations or achieve profitability, and if we are unable to raise additional funds on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may
be required to significantly reduce or cease our operations, or our business could fail, which could result in the loss to investors
of their investment in our securities. We have not generated
sufficient revenue or cash flow to pay our convertible notes, and conversion of such debt into shares of common stock, which would cause
significant dilution. As of December 28, 2022, we had outstanding convertible
notes owed to Cavalry and Mercer in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $2.26 million which has a currently maturity date
of December 30, 2023. To date, we have not generated sufficient revenue or cash flows to pay the balances owed under these notes and
provide sufficient working capital to run our business. The outstanding principal amount of the notes is convertible at any time into
shares of our common stock at $0.0115 per share. In addition, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default
(as defined in the notes), the notes each will become immediately due and payable and we have agreed to pay additional default interest
rates. We may not have sufficient cash resources or access to funding to repay such notes. Moreover, upon conversion of these notes,
our current shareholders will suffer dilution, which given the current conversion price of the notes would be significant. Servicing our
debt requires a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our debt depends on many factors beyond
our control. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance
our debt, to fund planned capital expenditures and to maintain sufficient working capital depends on our ability to generate cash in
the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors
that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or from other
sources in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. If our cash flow and capital resources
are insufficient to allow us to make scheduled payments on our debt, we may need to seek additional capital or restructure or refinance
all or a portion of our debt on or before the maturity thereof, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our debt on commercially reasonable
terms or at all, or that the terms of that debt will allow any of the above alternative measures or that these measures would 