: Investing in our securities involves significant risks. See “ Risk
    Factors ” on page 8 of this registration statement and in the documents incorporated by
reference herein for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our securities. Nasdaq Trading Symbol: IPW. The common stock outstanding after the offering is
based on 1,146,443 shares of our common stock outstanding as of January 12, 2026, and excludes the following: · 9,747,078 shares of common stock which are reserved for issuance under our Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, of which a total of 222,804 shares have been granted and remain subject to vesting conditions including (i) 82,803 restricted stock units, (ii) options to purchase 140,000 shares of common stock, of which 18,334 shares are vested and the remainder of which remain subject to vesting conditions; · 69,445 shares of common stock underlying the warrants issued on June 18, 2024, in a registered direct offering; and · excludes all shares
    issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, other than shares under the Series B Convertible Notes that have been converted
    to date. 7 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described below and under the section titled
“Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K
incorporated by reference in this registration statement, any amendment or update thereto reflected in our subsequent filings with the
SEC, and all of the other information in this registration statement and the documents that we have incorporated by reference herein and
therein, including our financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference in this registration statement. If any of these
risks is realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Additional risks
and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we think are immaterial may also materially harm our business, operating results
and financial condition and could result in a complete loss of your investment. Risks Related to this Offering Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our
common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and
could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales
may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely
impact its price. We have registered shares of our common stock that we have issued and may in the future issue under our employee equity
incentive plans. These shares may be sold freely in the public market upon issuance, subject to relevant vesting schedules, and applicable
securities laws. In addition, we may in the future issue equity securities as consideration for various types of corporate transactions,
including acquisitions, strategic partnerships and licensing transactions, which results in dilution to our existing stockholders and
may result in additional sales of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or
the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital
through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price
of our common stock. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely impact its price. The sale or availability for sale of shares
issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes may depress the price of our common stock and encourage short sales by third parties,
which could further depress the price of our common stock. To the extent that one or more investors in the
Convertible Notes sell shares of our common stock issued upon conversion of the Convertible Notes, the market price of such shares may
decrease due to the additional selling pressure in the market. In addition, the risk of dilution from issuances of such shares may cause
stockholders to sell their shares of our common stock, which could further contribute to any decline in the price of our common stock.
Any downward pressure on the price of our common stock caused by the sale or potential sale of such shares could encourage short sales
by third parties. Such sales could place downward pressure on the price of our common stock by increasing the number of shares of our
common stock being sold, which could further contribute to any decline in the market price of our common stock. We have never paid dividends on our capital
stock, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. We have never paid dividends on any of our capital
stock and currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund the growth of our business. Any determination to pay dividends in the
future will be at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements,
general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. As a result, capital appreciation, if any,
of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 8 In the event we are unable to convert the
Series A Convertible Notes or Series B Convertible Notes, servicing our debt may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not
have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our obligations under the Series A or Series B Convertible Notes. Our ability to make payments of principal or to
pay interest on or to refinance the Series A Convertible Notes or Series B Convertible Notes depends on our future performance, which
is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our business may not continue
to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Series A Convertible Notes or Series
B Convertible Notes. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing
or delaying investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, refinancing or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that may
be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance the Series B Convertible Notes will depend on the capital markets and our financial
condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which
could result in a default on the Series B Convertible Notes. As an investor, you may lose all of your
investment. Investing in our securities involves a high degree
of risk. As an investor, you may never recoup all, or even part, of your investment and you may never realize any return on your investment.
You must be prepared to lose all of your investment. You may experience dilution as a result
of future equity offerings. In order to raise additional capital, we may in
the future offer additional shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be
the same as the price per share in this offering. The price per share at which we sell additional shares of common stock, or securities
convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock, in future transactions may be lower than the price per share paid by investors
in this offering. An active trading market for our common
stock may not be maintained. Our common stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq
Capital Market, but we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain an active trading market on this or any other exchange
in the future. If an active market for our common stock is not maintained, it may be difficult for our stockholders to sell or purchase
shares. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares. Risks Related to Our Digital Treasury Strategy Our Digital Treasury Strategy exposes us
to various risks, including risks associated with bitcoin. Our Digital Treasury
Strategy exposes us to various risks, including the following: Bitcoin and other
digital assets are highly volatile assets. Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) are highly volatile assets. BTC has traded below $75,000
per bitcoin and above $120,000 per bitcoin on the Coinbase exchange (a principal market for bitcoin) in the 12 months preceding the date
of this Offering. The trading price of bitcoin significantly decreased during prior periods, and such declines may occur again in the
future. Bitcoin does not pay
interest or dividends. Bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns and we can only generate cash from our bitcoin holdings if we
sell our bitcoin or implement strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate cash by using our bitcoin holdings. Even if we
pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create income streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings, and any such
strategies may subject us to additional risks. 9 While our Digital
Treasury Strategy is new, our bitcoin holdings could significantly impact our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Any bitcoin holdings we purchase could significantly affect our financial results. If we continue to invest in bitcoin and increase
our overall ho