: See the section titled “Risk Factors” and other information included in this prospectus, and incorporated by reference herein, for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our Common Stock. Trading market and symbol: Our Common Stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “IPWR”. Transfer agent: The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is EQ Shareowner Services. 5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” in any prospectus supplement and those set forth in documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, as well as other information in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, before purchasing any of our securities. Each of the risks described in these sections and documents could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and could result in a loss of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or that we deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock We have broad discretion in the use of our existing cash and may not use it effectively. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of our existing cash, and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding such application. You will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether our existing cash is being used appropriately. Our management might not apply our existing cash in ways that ultimately increase the value of your investment. If we do not invest or apply our existing cash in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected results, which could cause our stock price to decline. Investors who buy shares at different times will likely pay different prices. Investors who purchase shares in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices, and so may experience different levels of dilution and different outcomes in their investment results. Similarly, the Selling Securityholder may sell such shares at different times and at different prices. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase from the Selling Securityholder in this offering as a result of sales made by us in future transactions to the Selling Securityholder at prices lower than the prices they paid. The Selling Securityholder will have discretion to vary the timing, prices, and number of shares sold in this offering. Investors may experience a decline in the value of their shares of our Common Stock. The trading price of our Common Stock has been volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The issuance of Common Stock to the Selling Securityholder may cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and the sale of such shares acquired by the Selling Securityholder could cause the price of our Common Stock to decline. In addition, the future issuance of additional equity securities may cause further dilution. We are registering for resale by the Selling Securityholder up to 631,332 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of Pre-Funded Warrants. The number of shares of our Common Stock ultimately offered for resale by the Selling Securityholder under this prospectus is dependent on the number of exercised Pre-Funded Warrants. Depending on a variety of factors, including market liquidity of our Common Stock, the issuance of shares to the Selling Securityholder may cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline. In addition, we have a significant number of stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units outstanding. To the extent that outstanding stock awards may be exercised, settled or converted or other shares issued, investors purchasing our Common Stock in this offering may experience further dilution. See “-Shares eligible for future sale, including warrants and options exercisable into shares of our Common Stock, may cause dilution to our existing stockholders and may adversely affect the market for our Common Stock.” In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. To the extent that additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution to our stockholders or result in downward pressure on the price of our Common Stock. See “-Raising additional capital may cause dilution to you or our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies.” Furthermore, if the pre-funded warrants issued in the Concurrent Placement are exercised, you will also incur additional dilution. 6 Table of Contents Shares eligible for future sale, including warrants and options exercisable into shares of our Common Stock, may cause dilution to our existing stockholders and may adversely affect the market for our Common Stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. These sales could also make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate. At March 25, 2026, we had 12,089,389 shares of Common Stock outstanding and 2,238,040 pre-funded warrants with an exercise price of $0.001 that are included in our computation of basic earnings per share. Shares beneficially owned by our affiliates, if any, and employees are subject to volume and other restrictions under Rules 144 and 701 under the Securities Act, various vesting agreements, our insider trading policy and/or any applicable 10b5-1 trading plan. Shares that are not beneficially owned by our affiliates and employees generally can be freely sold in the public market, subject in some cases to restrictions under Rule 144. At March 25, 2026, we had 1,486,955 potentially dilutive shares outstanding, exclusive of pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock that are considered outstanding common shares (including pre-funded warrants to purchase 631,332 shares of Common Stock issued in the Concurrent Placement) and included in our computation of basic earnings per share, and we may grant additional options, restricted stock units, performance stock units, other stock-based awards and/or warrants in the future. The settlement of vested restricted stock units and performance stock units, and the exercise of vested options and/or warrants, including pre-funded warrants, could result in the issuance of a large number of shares, which may be sold into the markets. Any sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. We, our executive officers and directors have agreed, subject to specified exceptions, not to offer, sell, contract to sell, hypothecate, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to, any shares of Common Stock beneficially owned (as such term is used in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), or any other securities so owned convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for the shares of Common Stock or publicly announce the intention to do any of the foregoing, whether any such transaction is to be settled by delivery of the shares of Common Stock or such other of our securities, in cash or otherwise. This restriction terminates after the close of trading of the Common Stock on May 27, 2026. These lock-up agreements affect approximately 242,909 shares of our Common Stock currently outstanding as of the date of this prospectus supplement. Sales of stock by any of our executive officers or directors could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our Common Stock. We have not paid dividends in the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends. We plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent we have earnings, in order to market our products and to cover operating costs and to otherwise become and remain competitive. We do not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. As a result, only appreciation in the price of our Common Stock, which may never occur, will provide a return to stockholders. We cannot assure you that we would, at any time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to the holders of our Common Stock as a dividend. Therefore, you should not expect to receive cash dividends on our Common Stock. 7 Table of Contents Raising additional capital, if necessary, may cause dilution to you or our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies. We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale or issuance of equity, warrants or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest and the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of such securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. If we raise capital through debt financing, it may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certai