” section. Gemini has based this estimate
on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and Gemini could utilize its available capital resources sooner than Gemini currently
expects. Its future funding requirements, both short and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: ● the
                                         initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of nonclinical studies and clinical trials
                                         for GEM103 or any other product candidates Gemini may develop, including any COVID-19-related
                                         delays or other effects on its development programs; ● the
                                         outcome, timing and cost of seeking and obtaining regulatory approvals from the FDA and
                                         applicable foreign regulatory authorities, including the potential for such authorities
                                         to require that Gemini performs more nonclinical studies or clinical trials than those
                                         that Gemini currently expects or change their requirements on studies that had previously
                                         been agreed to; ● the
                                         cost to establish, maintain, expand, enforce and defend the scope of its intellectual
                                         property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments Gemini may be required
                                         to make, or that Gemini may receive, in connection with licensing, preparing, filing,
                                         prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patents or other intellectual property rights; ● the
                                         effect of competing technological and market developments; ● market
                                         acceptance of any approved product candidates, including product pricing, as well as
                                         product coverage and the adequacy of reimbursement by third-party payors; ● the
                                         cost of acquiring, licensing or investing in additional businesses, products, product
                                         candidates and technologies; ● the
                                         cost and timing of selecting, auditing and potentially validating a manufacturing site
                                         for commercial-scale manufacturing; ● the
                                         cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates
                                         for which Gemini may receive regulatory approval and that Gemini determines to commercialize;
                                         and ● its
                                         need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial
                                         and reporting systems. Gemini
does not have any committed external source of funds or other support for its development efforts and Gemini cannot be certain
that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Until Gemini can generate sufficient revenue to finance
its cash requirements, which Gemini may never do, Gemini expects to finance its future cash needs through a combination of public
or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, and other marketing
or distribution arrangements. If Gemini raises additional funds through public or private equity offerings, the terms of these
securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect its stockholders’ rights. Further, to the
extent that Gemini raises additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into common
stock, your ownership interest will be diluted. If Gemini raises additional capital through debt financing, Gemini could be subject
to fixed payment obligations and may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting its ability to take specific actions, such
as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If Gemini raises additional capital through
marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties,
Gemini may have to relinquish certain valuable rights to its product candidates, technologies, future revenue streams or research
programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. Gemini also could be required to seek collaborators for one
or more of its product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or relinquish its rights to product candidates
or technologies that Gemini otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize itself. If Gemini is unable to raise additional capital
in sufficient amounts or acceptable terms, Gemini may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or
commercialization of one or more of its product candidates or one or more of its other research and development initiatives. Any
of the above events could significantly harm its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause
the price of its common stock to decline. 12 Gemini
is heavily dependent on the success of GEM103, its lead product candidate. Gemini
currently has no products that are approved for commercial sale and may never be able to develop marketable products. Gemini expects
that a substantial portion of its efforts and expenditures over the next several years will be devoted to its lead product candidate,
GEM103. Accordingly, its business currently depends heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval, and commercialization
of GEM103. GEM103 is currently being tested in a Phase 2a clinical trial in genetically defined patients with dry age-related
macular degeneration, or AMD. Gemini cannot be certain that GEM103 will successfully complete clinical trials, receive regulatory
approval or be successfully commercialized even if Gemini receives regulatory approval. If Gemini is required to discontinue development
of GEM103 or if GEM103 does not receive regulatory approval or fails to achieve significant market acceptance, Gemini would be
substantially delayed in its ability to achieve profitability, if ever. The
research, testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, approval, sale, marketing, and distribution of GEM103 is, and will
remain, subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. Failure to obtain regulatory
approval for GEM103 will prevent Gemini from commercializing and marketing GEM103. Further,
its Phase 2a clinical trial of GEM103 and other future clinical trials may not be able to replicate the results from its preclinical
studies or past clinical trials of GEM103. To the extent any of foregoing has not occurred, its expected development time and
development costs for GEM103 may be increased. Even
if Gemini is able to successfully obtain approval from the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authorities for GEM103, any approval
might contain significant limitations related to use, including limitations on the stage of disease GEM103 is approved to treat,
as well as restrictions for specified age groups, warnings, precautions or contraindications. Furthermore, even if Gemini obtains
regulatory approval for GEM103, Gemini will still need to develop a commercial infrastructure or develop relationships with collaborators
to commercialize, establish a commercially viable pricing structure and obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party
payors, including government healthcare programs otherwise. If Gemini, or any future collaborators, are unable to successfully
commercialize GEM103, Gemini may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue its business. If
Gemini is not successful in discovering, developing, receiving regulatory approval for and commercializing GEM103 or other product
candidates, its ability to expand its business and achieve its strategic objectives would be impaired. Although
Gemini plans to devote a majority of its resources to the continued preclinical and clinical testing and potential approval of
GEM103 for the treatment of patients with AMD, another key element of its strategy is to discover, develop and commercialize a
portfolio of products. Gemini is seeking to do so through its internal discovery programs, but its resources are limited, and
those that Gemini have are geared towards preclinical and clinical testing and seeking regulatory approval of GEM103 for the treatment
of patients with AMD. Gemini may also explore strategic collaborations for the development or acquisition of new product candidates,
but Gemini may not be successful in entering into such relationships. GEM103 is its only product candidate in clinical stages
of development. Research programs to identify product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources,
regardless of whether any product candidates are ultimately identified. Its research programs may initially show promise in identifying
potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for many reasons, including: ● the
                                         research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidates; ● competitors
                                         may develop alternatives that render its product candidates obsolete; ● product
                                         candidates Gemini develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties’ patents
                                         or other exclusive rights; ● a
                                         product candidate m