An investment in our shares is extremely risky. You should carefully
consider the following risks as well as the other information in this
prospectus before you decide to buy our common stock.

                         Risks Related to Our Business

Our business currently depends on sales of air data systems products, and we
cannot be certain that the market will continue to accept our products.

   We currently derive a substantial majority of our revenues from the sale of
air data systems and related products. We expect that revenues from our air
data products will continue to account for a significant portion of our
revenues in the future. Accordingly, our business will be harmed if such
products do not continue to receive market acceptance. In particular, our
business will be negatively affected if our existing customers do not continue
to incorporate our products in their retrofitting or manufacturing of aircraft.
In seeking new customers, it may be difficult for our products to displace
competing air data products. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that potential
customers will accept our products or that existing customers will not abandon
them.

Our business currently depends on contracts with a limited number of customers
which use our products primarily for government-related contracts.

   A substantial portion of our sales have been, and we expect will continue to
be, to general contractors or government agencies in connection with government
aircraft retrofit or original manufacturing contracts. Sales to government
contractors and government agencies accounted for approximately 76% and 95% of
our revenues during fiscal year 1999 and the three months ended December 31,
1999. Accordingly, our revenues and financial condition could be adversely
affected by government spending cuts, general budgetary constraints and the
complex and competitive government procurement processes.

   Additionally, a substantial portion of our revenues have been from a
relatively limited number of government contractors, fleet operators and
aircraft manufacturers. We derived 76% of our revenues during fiscal year 1999
from three customers, two of which are government contractors, and 85% of our
revenues during the three months ended December 31, 1999 from four customers,
all of which are government contractors. We expect a relatively small number of
customers to account for a majority of our revenues for the foreseeable future.
As a result of our concentrated customer base, a loss of one or more of these
customers could adversely affect our business.

Our business currently derives a large portion of its revenues from one
military retrofit program.

   A significant portion of our revenues is currently derived from the United
States Air Force KC-135 retrofit program in which we are a supplier of certain
avionics products. During fiscal year 1999 and the three months ended December
31, 1999, 64% and 62% of our revenues resulted from sales in connection with
this program. Our revenues and financial condition could be adversely affected
by governmental spending cuts with respect to this program or our loss of
business under this program.

Delays in providing our products to our customers may affect how much business
we receive.

   Our product development efforts may not be successful, and we may encounter
significant delays in bringing our products to market. If our product
development efforts are not successful or are significantly delayed, our
business may be harmed. Delays in bringing to market new products or
enhancements to existing products could cause our customers to purchase
competitors' products, resulting in lost market share and adversely affecting
our business.

                                       5 Our growth depends in part on the development and marketing of flat panel
displays and other new products.

   Although a substantial majority of our revenues has come from sales of air
data systems and related products, we expect to spend a large portion of our
research and development efforts and a significant portion of the proceeds of
this offering in developing and marketing our CIP and complementary products.
Our ability to grow and diversify our operations through the introduction and
sale of new products, such as flat panel displays, is dependent upon our
success in continuing product development and engineering activities as well as
our sales and marketing efforts and our ability to obtain requisite approvals
to sell such products. Our sales growth will also depend in part on the market
acceptance of and demand for our CIP and future products. We cannot be certain
that we will be able to develop, introduce or market our CIP or other new
products or product enhancements in a timely or cost-effective manner or that
any new products will receive market acceptance or necessary regulatory
approval.

We rely on third party suppliers for our products.

   Our manufacturing process consists primarily of assembling components from
third party manufacturers. These third party components may not continue to be
available to us on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely fashion. If we
are unable to maintain relationships with key third party suppliers, the
development and distribution of our products could be delayed until equivalent
components can be obtained and integrated into our products. In addition,
substitution of certain components from other manufacturers may require FAA or
other approval, which could delay our ability to ship products.

Our government retrofit projects allow the government agency or government
contractor to terminate or modify their contracts with us.

   Our government retrofit projects are generally pursuant to either a direct
contract with a government agency or a subcontract with the general contractor
to the government agency. Each contract includes various federal regulations
that impose certain requirements on us, including the ability of the government
agency or general contractor to alter the price, quantity or delivery schedule
of our products. In addition, the government agency or general contractor
retains the right to terminate the contract at any time at its convenience.
Upon alteration or termination of these contracts, we would normally be
entitled to an equitable adjustment to the contract price so that we may
receive the purchase price for items we have delivered and reimbursement for
allowable costs we have incurred. Most of our backlog is from government-
related contracts. Accordingly, because these contracts can be terminated, we
cannot assure you that our backlog will result in sales.

Our success depends on our management and our ability to attract and retain
additional personnel in a competitive market.

   Our success depends on the efforts, abilities and expertise of our senior
management and certain other key personnel, including in particular our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Geoffrey Hedrick. We generally do not
have employment agreements with our employees. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to retain such employees, the loss of some of whom could
adversely affect our business. We intend to continue hiring key management and
sales and marketing personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and
we may not be able to attract or retain additional qualified personnel.

Our rapid growth may strain our resources.

   We expect our rapid growth to continue, causing significant strain on our
operational and administrative resources. We have grown from 72 employees in
1997 to approximately 115 employees as of March 31, 2000, and we expect to
continue hiring additional employees. Our future success will depend in part on
our ability to implement and improve our operational, administrative and
financial systems and controls and to manage, train and expand our employee
base. We cannot assure you that our current and planned personnel levels,
systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future
operations. If inadequate, we may not be able to

                                       6 exploit existing and potential market opportunities. Any delays or difficulties
we encounter could impair our ability to attract new customers or enhance our
relationships with existing customers.

Our financial results may fluctuate in future periods.

   Our revenues and operating results may vary significantly from quarter to
quarter due to a number of factors, including:

  . variations in demand for our products;

  . the timing of the introduction of RVSM requirements on various flight
    routes;

  . the capital expenditure budgets of aircraft owners and operators and the
    appropriation cycles of the U.S. government;

  . changes in the use of our products, including non-RVSM air data systems,
    RVSM systems and flat panel displays;

  . delays in introducing or obtaining government approval for new products;

  . new product introductions by competitors;

  . changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our
    competitors; and

  . costs related to possible acquisitions of technologies or businesses.

   We plan to increase our operating expenses to expand our sales and marketing
operations and fund greater levels of product development. As a result, a delay
in generating revenues could cause significant variations in our operating
results from quarter to quarter.

We face intense competition and may be unable to compete successfully.

   The markets for our products are intensely competitive and subject to rapid
technological change. Our competitors include Kollsman, Inc., Honeywell
International Inc., Rockwell International Corporation, Smiths Industries plc
and Meggitt Avionics Inc. Substantially all of our competitors have
significantly greater financial, technical and human resources than we do. In
addition, our competitors have much greater experience in and resources for
marketing their products. As a res