” beginning on page 12 of this prospectus for a discussion of
some of the risks involved in investing in our securities. Interests of Our Executive Officers and Directors in the Rights Offering Our executive officers and members of our board of directors may participate in the Rights Offering on the same terms and at the same Subscription Price as all other shareholders, but none of our executive officers or directors is obligated to
so participate. Risk Factors You should carefully read the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 12 of this prospectus before you make a decision as to the exercise of your subscription rights. See also “Where You Can Find More Information”
on page 72 of this prospectus. Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders The receipt of subscription rights may be treated as a taxable distribution to you for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, we intend to take the position that the distribution of the subscription rights in this Rights Offering with
respect to our ordinary shares should be a non-taxable distribution to holders of ordinary shares under Section 305(a) of the Code. The taxation of the distribution of the subscription rights to holders
of eligible warrants is unclear. See “Material Tax Considerations—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders” on page 59 of this prospectus. 9 Table of Contents Material Irish Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders For an outline of the material Irish tax considerations of the Rights Offering, please see “Material Tax Considerations—Material Irish Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders” on page 57 of this prospectus. It is recommended that you
consult an appropriate independent advisor in respect of your tax treatment in relation to the receipt and exercise of the subscription right and the Rights Offering. Fees and Expenses We will pay the fees and expenses we incur related to the Rights Offering. Subscription Agent We have retained Computershare Trust Company, N.A. to serve as Subscription Agent for the Rights Offering. The Subscription Agent will hold funds received in payment for Units in a segregated account pending completion of the Rights Offering.
The Subscription Agent will hold this money until the Rights Offering is completed or is withdrawn and canceled. If the Rights Offering is canceled for any reason, all subscription payments received by the Subscription Agent will be returned
promptly, without interest or penalty. Information Agent We have retained Georgeson LLC to act as Information Agent for the Rights Offering. Warrant Agent We have retained Computershare Trust Company, N.A. to act as Warrant Agent for the warrants issued in the Rights Offering. Questions If you have any questions or need further information about the Rights Offering, please call Georgeson LLC, the Information Agent for the Rights Offering, at (866) 920-4401 (toll free in the U.S. and
Canada) or (781) 896-6947 (for calls outside the U.S. and Canada). Dealer-manager We have retained Maxim Group LLC to act as dealer-manager for the Rights Offering. The number of ordinary shares to be outstanding
after this Rights Offering is based on 16,470,414 ordinary shares outstanding as of March 31, 2024. The number of ordinary shares to be outstanding after this Rights Offering excludes: • 1,108,988 ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of share options to purchase ordinary shares as of
March 31, 2024, at a weighted average exercise price of $2.73 per share; • 16,666 ordinary shares issuable upon the vesting of outstanding restricted share units as of March 31, 2024; • 133,140 additional ordinary shares available for future issuance as of March 31, 2024 under our 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan; • 178,100 additional ordinary shares available for future issuance as of March 31, 2024 under our 2021
Inducement Equity Incentive Plan; • 480,186 ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, at a weighted average exercise price of
$24.09 per share; and 10 Table of Contents • 1,477,133 ordinary shares issuable upon exchange of our outstanding 6.500% exchangeable senior subordinated notes
due 2025, including the additional ordinary shares issuable to satisfy accrued and unpaid interest due upon exchange as of March 31, 2024. 11 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and the risks described in our Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, which is incorporated by reference herein, together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus and in our filings with the SEC
that we have incorporated by reference in this prospectus. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could suffer materially. In such event, the trading price of our ordinary shares
could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to the Rights Offering Even if the Rights Offering is completed, we will require additional capital to fund our operations, and if we fail to obtain financing when needed or on
acceptable terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. Developing
pharmaceutical products is a time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses as we conduct clinical trials of oral sulopenem and
sulopenem, seek marketing approval for oral sulopenem if clinical trials are successful, engage in pre-commercialization activities, and pursue the development of our sulopenem program in additional
indications, including through preclinical and clinical development. If we obtain marketing approval for oral sulopenem, sulopenem or any future product candidate and undertake commercialization activities, we expect to incur significant
commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, distribution and manufacturing. Some of these expenses may be incurred in advance of marketing approval, and could be substantial. Additionally, principal and interest on the
outstanding 6.500% Exchangeable Senior Subordinated Notes due 2025 (“ Exchangeable Notes ”) become due on January 31, 2025. We
believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, together with the net proceeds of approximately $     million from this Rights Offering, assuming that the Rights Offering is consummated and fully
subscribed, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through     . Accordingly, even if
the Rights Offering is completed, we will be required to obtain further funding through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources. Adequate additional financing may not be
available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Although we have successfully raised capital in the past, there is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining sufficient funding on terms acceptable to us to fund continuing operations, if at
all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have a negative effect on our financial condition and our ability to develop and commercialize our sulopenem program, and would have a negative effect on our ability to otherwise pursue our
business strategy and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. In addition, after receiving positive data from our Phase 3 clinical trial known
as REASSURE ( RE newed AS sessment of S ulopenem in u U TI caused by R esistant E nterobacterales) in January 2024, our board of directors determined that we should focus on a strategic process to sell, license, or
otherwise dispose of our rights to sulopenem with the goal of maximizing shareholder value. We are now focused on a strategic process to sell, license, or otherwise dispose of our rights to sulopenem with the goal of maximizing stakeholder value and
have engaged a financial advisor to assist management and the board in evaluating strategic alternatives. We cannot provide any commitment regarding when or if this strategic process will result in any type of transaction however, and no assurance
can be given that we will determine to pursue a potential sale, licensing arrangement or other disposition of its rights to sulopenem. We may also pursue and ultimately consummate transaction, which results in investors receiving compensation in
amount that is less than the Subscription Price in this Rights Offering. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with research,
development and commercialization of pharmaceutical product candidates, we are unable to estimate the exact amount of our working capital 12 Table of Contents requirements. Changing circumstances could cause us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, and we may need to spend more than currently expected because of
circumstances beyond our control. Because we do not have any formal commitments from any of our shareholders or eligible warrant holders to
participate in this Rights Offering, and have not entered into any underwriting agreement, backstop agreement standby purchase agreement or other similar arrangement with any person concerning this Rights Offering, the proceeds we receive from this
Rights Offering may be lower than currently anticipated. We do not have any binding commitments from any of our shareholders or eligible warrant
holders to participate in this Rights Offering and we cannot assure you that any of our shareholders will exercise all or any part of their basic subscription rights or their over-subscription privilege. If our shareholders and eligible warrant
holders subscribe for fewer of our Units than anticipated, the gross proceeds will be less than currently anticipated. In addition, Ma