You
    should read the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 11 of this prospectus for a discussion of factors to
    consider carefully before deciding to invest in shares of our securities. Trading Symbol Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market
    under the symbol “IVDA.” We do not intend to apply for listing of the Pre-Funded Warrants or the Series X Warrants on
    any securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system. (1) The number of shares of Common
  Stock outstanding immediately prior to this offering is based on 5,879,741 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the date of this
  prospectus. Unless specifically stated otherwise, the information in this prospectus is as of January 28, 2026, and excludes: ●
221,756 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options at September 30, 2025 with an average exercise price
$17.72 per share; ●
1,863,069 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants at September 30, 2025 with an average exercise price
$9.13 per share; ●
380,435 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants to be issued to the Placement Agent in connection with this offering,
which have an exercise price of $1.15 per share (based on the assumed public offering price of $0.92). 10 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our Common Stock involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should
consider carefully the risks described below, together with all of the other information set forth in this prospectus, together with
the other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and related
notes. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be materially
and adversely affected, which could cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part
of your investment. The risks described below and in the documents referenced above are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. You should only consider investing in our
securities if you can bear the risk of loss of your entire investment. Risks
Related to Our Company and Business Our
financial statements contain a going concern opinion. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. We generated accumulated losses of approximately
$53 million since inception and have insufficient working capital and cash flows to support operations. These factors raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result
from this uncertainty. We have incurred significant net losses
since our inception and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability on an annual basis in the future. We
have incurred significant net losses since our inception. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we incurred net losses of approximately
$3.7 million and $4.0 million, respectively, and had accumulated losses of approximately $51 million through December 31, 2024. We cannot
predict if we will achieve or maintain annual profitability in the near future or at all. The expected growth due to the recent change
in our revenue model may not be sustainable or may decrease, and we may not generate sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain annual
profitability. Our ability to achieve and maintain annual profitability depends on a number of factors, including our ability to attract
and service customers on a profitable basis and the growth of the video surveillance industry. If we are unable to achieve or maintain
annual profitability, we may not be able to execute our business plan, our prospects may be harmed, and our stock price could be materially
and adversely affected. We depend on certain key personnel. Our
future success is dependent on the efforts of key management personnel, particularly David Ly, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
and Robert J. Brilon, our Chief Financial Officer, each of whom is employed by us at will. Mr. Ly’s relationships within our industry
are vital to our continued operations, and if Mr. Ly were no longer actively involved with us, we would likely be unable to continue
our operations. The loss of one or more of our other key employees could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. We
also believe that our future success will be largely dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified management, sales,
and marketing personnel. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to attract and retain such personnel and our inability to retain
such personnel or to train them rapidly enough to meet our expanding needs could cause a decrease in the overall quality and efficiency
of our staff, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Demand for our products may be lower than
we anticipate. We
have limited resources to undertake reseller distribution activities. We cannot predict with certainty the potential customer demand
for our intelligent video search, smart utility, smart sensors, gateways and trackers, and IoT platforms (Products) or the degree to
which we will meet that demand. If demand for our Products does not develop to the extent or as quickly as expected, we might not be
able to generate enough revenue to become profitable. 11 We
are currently targeting the sale of our Products to telecommunications companies and technology and systems integrators. Our strategy
to target those organizations is based upon their interest and a number of assumptions, some or all of which could prove to be incorrect. Even
if markets for our Products develop, we could achieve a smaller share of those markets than we currently anticipate. Achieving market
share will require substantial investment in technical, marketing, project management, and engineering functions to support the deployment
of our Products. We cannot assure investors that our efforts will result in the attainment of sufficient market share to become profitable. We believe industry trends support our open
source systems, but if trends reverse we may experience decreased demand. The
security and surveillance industry is characterized by rapid changes in technology and customer demands. We believe that the existing
market preference for open source systems (systems capable of integrating a wide range of products and services through community and
private-based cooperation, such as the Internet, Linux, and certain cameras used in our business) is strong and will continue for the
foreseeable future. We cannot assure investors that customer demand for our products and the market’s preference for open source
systems will continue. A lack of customer demand or a decline in the preference of open source systems could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. A relatively small number of key customers account for a significant
portion of our revenue. Historically,
a significant portion of our revenue has come from a limited number of key customers. Revenue from five customers out of 70 total customers
represented approximately 67% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024. These specific customers were 1) Chunghwa Telecom
with 18% 2) Security Integration & Consultant Technology Co., Ltd. with 16%, 3) Chicony Power Technology Co Ltd with 11% and 4) Hwacom
Systems Inc. with 10%, (all Taiwan companies) and Claro Enterprise Solutions (a US company) with 12%. Revenue from two customers out
of 65 total customers represented approximately 48% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023. These specific customers were
1) You Ming Huei Co. Ltd with 25%, 2) Chicony Power Technology Co Ltd with 23%, (both Taiwan companies). Total number of customers were
approximately 70 and 65, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 52% of the total accounts receivable at December
31, 2024 was from one customer out of a total of 42 customer accounts receivable accounts. This specific customer was Chunghwa Telecom.
Our accounts receivables are unsecured, and we are at risk to the extent such amounts become uncollectible. Although we perform periodic
evaluations of our customers’ credit and financial condition, we generally do not require collateral in exchange for our products
and services provided on credit. Our
licensing business, in particular, may be susceptible to concentration of revenue, if through our licensing customers’ large consumer
bases of end users. The loss of a key service provider customer, the delay, reduction, or cancellation of a significant order, or difficulty
collecting on our accounts receivable from our service provider customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Payment
terms for our U.S.-based segment require 50% prepayment for our Products before they are shipped. For our U.S.-based segment, accounts
receivable that are more than 120 days past due are considered delinquent. Payment terms for our Taiwan-based segment vary based on our
agreements with our customers. Generally, we receive payment for our Products and services within one year of commencing the project,
except that we retain