Investing in our Class
A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with
all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere in this
prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only
ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we deem immaterial may also become important factors that
adversely affect our business. The realization of any of these risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our reputation,
business, financial condition, results of operations, growth and future prospects, as well as our ability to accomplish our strategic
objectives. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Unless the context otherwise
requires, references in this section to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Inspire Veterinary” and the
“Company” refer to Inspire Veterinary Partners, Inc. Risks Related to our Business We have a limited operating history, are
not profitable and may never become profitable. We have not generated any
net profits to date, and we expect to continue to incur significant acquisition related costs and other expenses. Our net loss for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2024 was $14,264,261 and for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $14,792,886. Our accumulated deficit
as of December 31, 2024 was $36,350,281. As of December 31, 2024, we had total stockholders’ equity of approximately $1,562,005.
We expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future, as we continue our development and acquisition of veterinary hospitals
and related veterinary servicing activities. If we fail to achieve or maintain profitability, then we may be unable to continue our operations
at planned levels and be forced to reduce or cease operations. If our business plan is not successful,
we may not be able to continue operations as a going concern and our shareholders may lose their entire investment in us. As of December 31, 2024, we
had $723,690 cash and restricted cash. If we fail to raise sufficient
capital pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we will have to explore other financing activities to provide us with the liquidity and capital
resources we need to meet our working capital requirements and to make capital investments in connection with ongoing operations. We cannot
give assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary capital when needed. Consequently, we raise substantial doubt that we will
be able to continue operations as a going concern, and our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph regarding this uncertainty
in their report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our generating cash flow sufficient to fund operations and reducing operating expenses. Our business plans may not be successful
in addressing the cash flow issues. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our shareholders may lose their entire investment in us.
If we fail to raise sufficient capital, we will have to explore other financing activities to provide us with the liquidity and capital
resources we need to meet our working capital requirements and to make capital investments in connection with ongoing operations. We cannot
give assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary capital when needed. Consequently, we raise substantial doubt that we will
be able to continue operations as a going concern, and our independent auditors included an explanatory paragraph regarding this uncertainty
in their report on our financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is dependent upon our generating cash flow sufficient to fund operations and reducing operating expenses. Our business plans may not be
successful in addressing the cash flow issues. If we cannot continue as a going concern, our shareholders may lose their entire investment
in us. If we fail to attract and keep senior management,
we may be unable to successfully integrate acquisitions, scale our offerings of veterinary services, and deliver enhanced customer services,
which may impact our results of operations and financial results. Our success depends in part
on our continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management and senior personnel. We are highly dependent upon
our senior management, particularly Kimball Carr, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Richard Frank, our Chief Financial Officer.
The loss of services of any of these individuals could negatively impact our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions, scale our
employee roster, and deliver enhanced veterinary services, which may impact our results of operations and financial results. Although
we have entered an employment agreement with Kimball Carr, our President and Chief Executive Officer, for one 3-year term (automatically
extending for one-year terms thereafter) there can be no assurance that Mr. Carr or any other senior executive officer will extend their
terms of service. 9 We may need to raise additional capital
to achieve our goals. We currently incur operate
at a net loss and a comprehensive loss and anticipate incurring additional expenses as a public company. We are also seeking to identify
potential complementary acquisition opportunities in the veterinary services and animal health sectors. Some of our anticipated future
expenditures will include: costs of identifying additional potential acquisitions; costs of obtaining regulatory approvals; and costs
associated with marketing and selling our services. We also may incur unanticipated costs. Because the outcome of our development activities
and commercialization efforts is inherently uncertain, the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization
of our existing or future veterinary services s may be greater or less than we anticipate. As a result, we will need
to obtain additional capital to fund the development of our business. We have no master agreements or arrangements with respect to any
financings, and any such financings may result in dilution to our shareholders, the imposition of debt covenants and repayment obligations
or other restrictions that may adversely affect our business or the value of our common shares. Additional funds may not be
available when we need them on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis,
we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate one or more of our veterinary service programs or any future commercialization
efforts. The Company incurs significant increased
expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results
of operations. The Company will face a significant
increase in insurance, legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company that none of the formerly corporate
or company privately-held acquisition targets that we may attempt to purchase incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
as amended (“Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently
implemented by the Commission, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank
Act”) and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board,
the Commission and the securities exchanges, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public
company requirements will increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements will require
the Company to carry out activities that it previously has not done. For example, the Company will adopt new internal controls and disclosure
controls and procedures. In addition, additional expenses associated with the Commission’s reporting requirements will be incurred.
Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, if the auditors identify a material weakness
or significant deficiency in the internal control over financial reporting), The Company could incur additional costs rectifying those
issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect the Company’s reputation or investor perceptions of it. Being a
public company could make it more difficult or costly for the Company to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer
liability insurance, and the Company may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage with increased self-retention risk or
incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Being a public company could also make it more difficult and
expensive for the Company to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on the board, board committees or as executive officers. Furthermore,
if the Company is unable to satisfy its obligations as a public company, it could be subject to fines, sanctions and other regulatory
action and potentially civil litigation. The additional reporting and
other obligations imposed by various rules and regulations applicable to public companies will increase legal and financial compliance
costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs will require the Company to divert
a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the busin