This investment involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk   Factors” for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before   making an investment decision. Nasdaq Capital Market symbol “JAGX”. 7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Please carefully consider the risk factors described below and those described in our periodic reports filed with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we deem currently immaterial may also impair our business operations or adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The sale of our common stock to Oasis Capital may cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired by Oasis Capital could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We have registered for sale 4,587,155 shares of common stock that we may sell to Oasis Capital under the Equity Purchase Agreement. It is anticipated that these shares will be sold over a period of up to approximately 36 months from the date of this prospectus. The number of shares ultimately offered for sale by Oasis Capital under this prospectus is dependent upon the number of shares we elect to sell to Oasis Capital under the Equity Purchase Agreement. Sales by Oasis Capital of shares acquired pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement under the registration statement, of which this prospectus is a part, may result in dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. See the section titled “Dilution” below for a more detailed discussion. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by Oasis Capital in this offering, or anticipation of such sales, could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline or make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise desire. Following the issuance of shares of common stock under the Equity Line, Oasis Capital may offer and resell the shares at a price and time determined by them. This may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, and the timing of sales and the price at which the shares are sold by Oasis Capital could have an adverse effect upon the public market for our common stock. There is an increased potential for short sales of our common stock due to the sale of shares pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement, which could materially affect the market price of our common stock. Downward pressure on the market price of our common stock that likely will result from resales of the common stock issued pursuant to the Equity Purchase Agreement could encourage short sales of common stock by market participants other than the selling stockholder. Generally, short selling means selling a security not owned by the seller. The seller is committed to eventually purchase the security previously sold. Short sales are used to capitalize on an expected decline in the security’s price — typically, investors who sell short believe that the price of the stock will fall, and anticipate selling at a price higher than the price at which they will buy the stock. Significant amounts of such short selling could place further downward pressure on the market price of our common stock. Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market could result in a delisting of our common stock. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market, which imposes, among other requirements a minimum bid requirement. The closing bid price for our common stock must remain at or above $1.00 per share to comply with Nasdaq’s minimum bid requirement for continued listing. If the closing bid price for our common stock is less than $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days, Nasdaq may send us a notice stating that we will be provided a period of 180 days to regain compliance with the minimum bid requirement or else Nasdaq may make a determination to delist our common stock. Our common stock traded for less than $1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, and we received notice of this from the Listing Qualifications Staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on December 30, 2019. Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company has been granted a 180 calendar day grace period, or until June 29, 2020, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. The minimum bid price requirement will be met if our common stock has a minimum closing bid price of at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the 180 calendar day grace period. We are diligently working to evidence compliance with the minimum bid requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to regain compliance or that Nasdaq will grant us a further extension of time to regain compliance, if necessary. The Company may be eligible for additional time to comply if it does not achieve compliance with the minimum bid price requirement by June 29, 2020. In order to be eligible for consideration for such additional time, the Company will be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the minimum bid price requirement, and must notify Nasdaq in writing of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. The delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may make it more difficult for us to raise capital on favorable terms in the future. Such a delisting would likely have a negative effect on the price of our common stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. Further, if we were to be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock would cease to be recognized as covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which it offers its securities. Moreover, there is no assurance that any actions that we take to restore our compliance with the Nasdaq minimum bid requirement would stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from falling below the Nasdaq minimum bid price required for continued listing again or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq’s listing requirements. 8 Table of Contents SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following net loss per share, basic and diluted, has been derived from the audited financial statements of the Company contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 , which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The historical financial information set forth below may not be indicative of our future performance and should be read together with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our historical financial statements and notes to those statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, and any amendment or update thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, and all other annual, quarterly and other reports that we file with the SEC after the date of the initial registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and that also are incorporated herein by reference. Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2019 2018 Net loss per share, basic and   diluted $ (9.01 ) $ (153.27 ) 9 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING