” section. Our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including non-compliance with regulatory standards and requirements and insider trading. We are exposed
to the risk of fraud or other misconduct by our employees, principal investigators, consultants and commercial partners. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional failures to comply with the regulations of the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, provide accurate information to the FDA and non-U.S. regulators, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations in the United States and
abroad, report financial information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent
fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other
business arrangements. Such misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to
identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or
lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal and
administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional
reporting obligations and oversight if subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our
operations. 37 Table of Contents We face potential product liability, and, if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur
substantial liability and costs. If the use of our product candidates harms patients or is perceived to harm patients even when such harm is unrelated to our product candidates, our regulatory approvals could be revoked or otherwise negatively
impacted and we could be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. The use of our product candidates in clinical
trials and the sale of any products for which we obtain marketing approval exposes us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims might be brought against us by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or
others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products. There is a risk that our product candidates may induce adverse events. If we cannot successfully defend against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liability and
costs. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: • impairment of our business reputation; • withdrawal of clinical trial participants; • costs due to related litigation; • distraction of management’s attention from our primary business; • substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; • the inability to commercialize our product candidates; and • decreased demand for our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale. We may not be able to maintain product liability insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses
due to liability. If and when we obtain marketing approval for product candidates, we intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products; however, we may be unable to obtain product liability insurance on commercially
reasonable terms or in adequate amounts. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs or medical treatments that had unanticipated adverse effects. A successful product liability claims, or series of claims
brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could adversely affect our results of operations and business. Patients with cancer and other diseases targeted by our product candidates are often already in severe and advanced stages of disease and have
both known and unknown significant pre-existing and potentially life-threatening health risks. During the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may be
related to our product candidates. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to
market our products, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our products, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming
or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval process in other countries, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our product candidates receive or maintain. As a result of these
factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to
successfully implement our business strategy. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical
industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly 38 Table of Contents dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees, and other scientific and medical advisors, and our
inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays in product development and harm our business. We conduct substantially all
of our operations remotely and at our facilities in La Jolla, California. This region is headquarters to many other biopharmaceutical companies and many academic and research institutions. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense
and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms or at all. To induce valuable employees to
remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided stock options that vest over time. The value to employees of stock options that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are
beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their
employment with us on short notice. Although we have employment agreements with certain of our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees
could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. We do not maintain “key person” insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue
to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. We expect to expand our development, regulatory and operational capabilities and, as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth,
which could disrupt our operations. As of May 15, 2021, we had 16 employees. As we advance our research and development programs,
we will be required to further increase the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of research and clinical development, medical affairs, general and administrative matters relating to being a public
company, regulatory affairs and, if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, sales, marketing and distribution. To manage any future growth, we must: • identify, recruit integrate, maintain and motivate additional qualified personnel; • manage our development efforts effectively, including the initiation and conduct of clinical trials for our
product candidates, both as monotherapy and in combination with other therapeutics; and • improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Our future financial performance and our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates, if
approved, will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may also have to divert financial and other resources, and a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time, to managing these growth activities. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, we
may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization g