and other information incorporated by reference in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Overview We are a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing innovative products to meet unmet medical needs in
neurology and psychiatry. Our goal is to build a broad portfolio of products through a combination of internal development, acquisition and in-licensing activities, and to utilize our specialty sales force to promote our products in our target
markets. We apply novel formulations and drug delivery technologies to known drug compounds, and to compounds with the same mechanism of action or similar chemical structure as marketed products, to improve patient care by, among other things,
improving efficacy, reducing adverse side effects or increasing patient compliance relative to existing therapies. Since our inception in 2003, we have built a commercial operation and assembled a portfolio of products and product candidates that
currently includes two marketed products, one product candidate in late Phase III clinical development and several product candidates in various stages of clinical development. Our marketed products and late-stage product candidate are: • Xyrem (sodium oxybate) oral solution. Xyrem is the only product approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for the treatment of
both excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy. Narcolepsy is a chronic neurologic disorder caused by the brain’s inability to regulate sleep-wake cycles. We promote Xyrem in the U.S. for its FDA-approved
indications to sleep specialists, neurologists, pulmonologists and psychiatrists through our specialty sales force. We have significantly increased U.S. sales of Xyrem since acquiring the rights to Xyrem in June 2005. We have licensed the rights to
commercialize Xyrem in 54 countries outside of the U.S. to UCB Pharma Limited, or UCB, and in Canada to Valeant Canada Limited, or Valeant. UCB currently markets Xyrem in 14 countries. • Luvox CR (fluvoxamine maleate) Extended-Release Capsules. Once-Daily Luvox CR was approved by the FDA for the treatment of both obsessive
compulsive disorder and social anxiety disorder on February 28, 2008. We began promoting Luvox CR through our specialty sales force in April 2008. Luvox CR is a once-daily extended-release formulation of fluvoxamine, a selective serotonin
reuptake inhibitor, or SSRI. Luvox CR was developed by Solvay Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Solvay, in collaboration with Elan Pharma International Limited, or Elan. We obtained the exclusive rights to market and distribute Luvox CR in the U.S. from
Solvay in January 2007. Solvay retained the rights to market and distribute Luvox CR outside of the U.S. • JZP-6 (sodium oxybate). We are developing sodium oxybate, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in Xyrem, for the treatment of fibromyalgia. The
program includes two Phase III pivotal clinical trials and a long term safety trial. In November 2008 and June 2009, we announced positive top-line results from our first and second Phase III pivotal clinical trials, respectively. The two
randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies demonstrated that sodium oxybate significantly decreased pain and fatigue and improved daily function and patient global impression of change, in patients with fibromyalgia. We submitted a new
drug application, or NDA, for JZP-6 in December 2009. If our NDA is approved by the FDA, we expect to market JZP-6 in the U.S. to specialists who treat fibromyalgia patients, through an expanded specialty sales force and/or in partnerships with
third parties. We have granted UCB the commercialization rights to JZP-6 in 54 countries outside of the U.S. Our other product candidates in clinical development are JZP-8 (intranasal clonazepam), being developed for the treatment of recurrent acute repetitive seizures in epilepsy patients who continue to have seizures while on stable
anti-epileptic regimens, JZP-4 (elpetrigine), being developed for the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder, and 1 Table of Contents JZP-7 (ropinirole gel), being developed for the treatment of restless legs syndrome. We do not anticipate
significant additional development progress on JZP-8, JZP-4 or JZP-7 unless or until we partner a program or otherwise obtain additional funding that we believe is sufficient to continue a program’s development. We have incurred significant net losses since our inception in 2003, and we may continue to incur net losses in the future. To grow our
business in the future, we will need to commit substantial resources to costly and time-consuming product development and clinical trials of our product candidates and significant funds to our commercial operations. Corporate Information We
were incorporated in California in March 2003, and we reincorporated in Delaware in January 2004. Our principal executive office is located at 3180 Porter Drive, Palo Alto, California 94304. Our telephone number is (650) 496-3777. Our website
address is www.jazzpharmaceuticals.com . Information contained in, or accessible through, our website does not constitute a part of this prospectus. Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used in this prospectus, the terms “Jazz Pharmaceuticals,”
“we,” “us” and “our” refer to Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. We use Jazz Pharmaceuticals ® , Xyrem ® , Luvox ® , Luvox CR ® and the Jazz Pharmaceuticals logo as trademarks in the United States and other countries. We have licensed the right to use the registered trademark Luvox ® and Luvox CR ® from Solvay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. All other trademarks or trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. The Offering The selling stockholders named in this prospectus may offer and sell up to 562,192 shares of our common stock, which shares of common stock are issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants. These shares will become eligible for sale
by the selling stockholders under this prospectus only as the warrants are exercised. Our common stock is currently listed on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “JAZZ.” Shares of common stock that may be offered in this offering,
when issued and paid for upon exercise in accordance with the terms of the warrants, will be fully paid and non-assessable. We will not receive any of the proceeds of sales by the selling stockholders of any of the common stock covered by this
prospectus. Throughout this prospectus, when we refer to the shares of our common stock being registered on behalf of the selling stockholders, we are referring to the shares underlying the warrants issued to the selling stockholders pursuant to a
senior secured note and warrant purchase agreement that we and JPI Commercial, LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into with the selling stockholders and certain other purchasers on March 14, 2008, as amended, or the Senior Note
Agreement. In addition, when we refer to the selling stockholders throughout this prospectus, we are referring to the purchasers of $40.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes and the related warrants to purchase 562,192 shares
of our common stock under the Senior Note Agreement and, as applicable, any donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, or
other non-sale related transfer. 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risk factors described below, and all
other information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus (as supplemented and amended), before deciding whether to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, the market price of our common stock could
decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business operations and could result in a complete loss of your
investment. Risks Relating to Our Business We are dependent on sales of Xyrem and Luvox CR to generate the cash necessary to operate our business, and, if we are not able to maintain or increase revenue from the sales of our products, it
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and growth prospects. We are dependent on sales of Xyrem and Luvox CR to generate the cash necessary to operate our business and our future plans assume revenue from sales of our products will remain constant or increase. Sales and prescriptions of Xyrem
increased in 2008 and during the first three quarters of 2009; however, cataplexy and excessive daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy are orphan conditions, which means that a relatively limited number of people suffer from those conditions.
We significantly increased the price of Xyrem during the past year, including an approximately 20% increase in October 2009. While increased pricing does not appear to have negatively affected sales of the product, we cannot assure you that this or
future price increases will not negatively affect sales of Xyrem. In July 2009, our orphan drug exclusivity for Xyrem for cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy expired and we cannot assure you that a generic equivalent will not be introduced for
that indication in the future. If sales of Luvox CR do not increase as expected, they may not cover the payments due to Solvay under our license agreement for Luvox CR plus the cost to manufacture, market and sell the product and to fulfill our
Phase IV clinical trial commitment to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. If revenue from sales of Xyrem and Luvox CR do not maintain current levels or increase as expected, we may be requi