described in our public filings when evaluating our business. • We are a clinical stage biotechnology company with a limited operating history on which to assess our business; we have not completed any clinical trials, and we have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and likelihood of success and viability. • We will require substantial additional capital to finance our operations in the future. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of our development programs or future commercialization efforts. • We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We have no products approved for sale, have not generated any revenue from our product candidates and may never generate revenue or become profitable. • We face competition from entities that have developed or may develop product candidates for the diseases addressed by our product candidates. • Our programs are in the clinical and preclinical stages of development and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially and adversely affect our viability. If we or our current or future collaborators are unable to complete development of or commercialize our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. • We are substantially dependent on the success of JADE101, and our current and anticipated future clinical trials of such product candidate may not be successful. • If we do not achieve our projected development objectives in the time frames we announce and expect, the commercialization of our product candidates may be delayed, which may harm our reputation and prospects, increase our expenses and cause our stock price to decline. • Our approach to the discovery and development of our product candidates is unproven, and we may not be successful in our efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates with commercial value. • Preclinical and clinical development involves a lengthy and expensive process that is subject to delays and with uncertain outcomes, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future clinical trial results. If our preclinical studies and clinical trials are not sufficient to support regulatory approval of any of our product candidates, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development of such product candidate. • We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials, particularly given the relatively small patient population and significant competition for patients who have the diseases for which JADE101 is being developed. If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our current clinical trial of JADE101 or future clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. • Preliminary, “topline” or interim data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures. 6 Table of Contents • We rely on collaborations and licensing arrangements with third parties, including Paragon Therapeutics, Inc. (“Paragon”). If we are unable to maintain these collaborations or licensing arrangements, or if these collaborations or licensing arrangements are not successful, our business could be negatively impacted. • We currently rely, and plan to rely in the future, on third parties to conduct and support our preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not properly and successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. • We rely on the use of third-party contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”) to manufacture our product candidates, and we expect to continue to rely on third-party CMOs to produce our products, if approved. Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to use third-party manufacturing suites or if the third-party manufacturers encounter difficulties in production. • In order to successfully implement our plans and strategies, we will need to grow the size of our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. • We may be subject to intellectual property lawsuits or may need to file lawsuits to protect our intellectual property, which could result in substantial costs and liability and prevent us from commercializing our potential products. • The regulatory approval processes of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. • Litigation costs and the outcome of litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. • The market price of our common stock has been and is expected to continue to be volatile. • We are governed by Nevada law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws, provisions of which have anti-takeover implications. • Because our articles of incorporation and bylaws limit the court in which you may bring an action against us, you may have difficulty obtaining a favorable judicial forum or you may incur more expense enforcing any rights which you may claim. • Conflicts of interest may arise between us and Paragon or us and Fairmount Funds Management LLC (“Fairmount”). • Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. 7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Position and Capital Requirements We are a clinical stage biotechnology company with a limited operating history on which to assess our business; we have not completed any clinical trials, and we have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and likelihood of success and viability. We are a clinical stage biotechnology company with limited operating history. Since our inception, we have incurred operating losses with no corresponding revenue and have utilized substantially all of our resources to identify, license and develop our product candidates, organize and staff our company and provide other general and administrative support for our operations. We have no significant experience as a company in initiating, conducting or completing preclinical studies or clinical trials. In part because of this lack of experience, we cannot be certain that our preclinical studies or clinical trials will begin or be completed on time, if at all. In addition, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales, marketing and distribution activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, any predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. In addition, as our business grows, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, restrictions, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition at some point from a company with an early research and development focus to a company capable of supporting larger scale clinical trials and eventually commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. We will require substantial additional capital to finance our operations in the future. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of our development programs or future commercialization efforts. Developing biotechnology products is a long, time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for our product candidates, advance discovery efforts with respect to our research and development programs, and advance any future programs and product candidates that we may license. Even if one or more of the programs that we develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs associated with sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution activities to launch any such product. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies to perform preclinical studies or clinical trials in addition to or more expansive than those that we currently anticipate. Because the design and outcome of our planned and anticipated clinical trials are highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amount of funding that will be necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of any program we develop. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including but not limited to: • the scope, design, progress, results and costs of discovery, preclinical and clinical development for our product candidates; • the cost and timing of completion of clinical and commercial-scale manufacturing activities; • the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining, defending and enforcing our intellectual proper