An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an
investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business
and operations. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock
could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to JetBlue Recent terrorist attacks seriously harmed our business and may harm our business in the future. The
terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 and their aftermath have negatively impacted the airline industry and us as well. The primary effects experienced by the airline
industry included: • substantial
loss of revenue and flight disruption costs caused by the grounding of all commercial air traffic in or headed to the U.S. by the Federal
Aviation Administration, or FAA, for about three days after the terrorist attacks; • increased
security and insurance costs; • increased
concerns about future terrorist attacks; • airport
shutdowns and flight cancellations and delays due to security breaches and perceived safety threats; and • significantly
reduced passenger traffic and yields due to the subsequent dramatic drop in demand for air travel. In
recent months, demand for air travel has increased but has not yet returned to pre-September levels. Most U.S. airlines have significantly reduced their flight schedules
and furloughed employees. As a result, the airline industry suffered unprecedented financial losses in 2001. Our
passenger traffic and yields also declined severely once flights were permitted to resume. Since that time, we have experienced significantly lower revenues and have incurred higher
costs than we originally anticipated. Given the magnitude and unprecedented nature of the September terrorist attacks, it is uncertain what the long-term impact of these events will be on
the airline industry in general and on JetBlue in particular. Factors that could affect our operating results and financial condition in the future include: • Continued
weakness in the demand for air travel resulting in lower fares; • Increased
costs and possible flight delays or cancellations associated with new government security mandates and our own security-related measures; • Increased
costs of aviation insurance; • Uncertainty
about the extent to which war risk coverage or other insurance will be available; and • Reinstatement
of flights that our competitors eliminated after September 11th. Additional
terrorist attacks, the fear of such attacks or increased hostilities could further negatively impact the airline industry and us, and result in decreased passenger traffic and
yields and increased costs. For a more detailed discussion, please see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Recent Developments." Because we have a limited operating history, it is difficult to evaluate an investment in our common stock. We
were incorporated in August 1998 and began flight operations in February 2000. It is difficult to evaluate our future prospects and an investment in our common stock
because of our limited operating history. Our prospects are uncertain and must be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties and 6 difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stage of operations. Historically, there has been a high failure rate among start-up airlines. Our future performance will
depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to: • implement
our growth strategy; • provide
high quality, reliable customer service at low prices; • choose
new markets successfully; • maintain
adequate control of our expenses; • attract,
retain and motivate qualified personnel; • react
to customer and market demands; and • maintain
the safety and security of our operations. We
cannot assure you that we will successfully address any of these factors, and our failure to do so could harm our business. Our failure to successfully implement our growth strategy could harm our business. Our
growth strategy involves increasing the frequency of flights to markets we currently serve, expanding the number of markets served and increasing flight connection opportunities.
Achieving our growth strategy is critical in order for our business to achieve economies of scale and to sustain or increase our profitability. Increasing the number of markets we serve depends on our
ability to access suitable airports located in our targeted geographic markets in a manner that is consistent with our cost strategy. We will also need to obtain additional gates at some of our
existing destinations. Any condition that would deny, limit or delay our access to airports we seek to serve in the future will constrain our ability to grow. Opening new markets requires us to commit
a substantial amount of resources, even before the new services commence. Expansion will also require additional skilled personnel, equipment and facilities. An inability to hire and retain skilled
personnel or to secure the required equipment and facilities efficiently and cost-effectively may affect our ability to achieve our growth strategy. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to successfully expand our existing markets or establish new markets, and our failure to do so could harm our business. Expansion
of our markets and services may also strain our existing management resources and operational, financial and management information systems to the point that they may no longer
be adequate to support our operations, requiring us to make significant expenditures in these areas. We expect that we will need to develop further financial, operational and management controls,
reporting systems and procedures to accommodate future growth. We cannot assure you that we will be able to develop these controls, systems or procedures on a timely basis, and the failure to do so
could harm our business. We have a significant amount of fixed obligations and we will incur significantly more fixed obligations which could hurt our ability to meet our strategic
goals. As
of December 31, 2001, our debt accounted for 67.7% of our total capitalization. As of December 31, 2001, maturities of our long-term debt were
$55.0 million in 2002, $30.0 million in 2003, $22.8 million in 2004, $23.8 million in 2005, $22.0 million in 2006 and an aggregate of $192.0 million for the
years thereafter. All of our long-term and short-term debt has floating interest rates. In addition to long-term debt, we have a significant amount of other fixed
obligations under operating leases related to our aircraft, airport terminal space, other airport facilities and office space. As of December 31, 2001, future minimum lease payments under
noncancelable operating leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year were approximately $45.4 million in 2002, $44.8 million in 2003, $44.7 million in 2004,
$43.3 million in 2005 and $41.8 million in 2006 and an aggregate of $281.8 million for the years thereafter. Four of our aircraft leases have variable-rate rent
payments. As of December 31, 2001, we had commitments of approximately $2.3 billion to purchase 61 additional aircraft over the next six years, including estimated amounts for
contractual price escalations. We will incur additional debt and other 7 fixed obligations as we take delivery of new aircraft and other equipment and continue to expand into new markets. Our
high level of debt and other fixed obligations could: • limit
our ability to obtain additional financing to support capital expansion plans and for working capital and other purposes; • divert
substantial cash flow from our operations and expansion plans in order to service our fixed obligations; • require
us to incur significantly more interest or rent expense than we currently do since all of our debt has floating interest rates and four of our
aircraft leases have variable-rate rent; • limit
our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we compete; and • place
us at a possible competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged competitors and competitors that have better access to capital resources. Our
ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other fixed obligations will depend upon our future operating performance and cash flow, which in turn will depend upon prevailing
economic and political conditions and financial, competitive, regulatory, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate
sufficient cash flow from our operations to pay our debt and other fixed obligations as they become due, and our failure to do so could harm our business. If we are unable to make payments on our debt
and other fixed obligations, we could be forced to renegotiate those obligations or obtain additional equity or debt financing. To the extent we finance our activities with additional debt, we may
become subject to financial and other covenants that may restrict our ability to pursue our growth strategy. We cannot assure you that our renegotiation efforts would be successful or timely or that
we could refinance our obligations on acceptable terms, if at all. Any inability to obtain financing for additional aircraft could harm our growth strategy. We
typically finance our aircraft through either mortgage debt or lease financing. As of December 31, 2001, we had firm orders to purchase 61 aircraft from Airbus through 2007 and
options and purchase rights to acquire 49 additional aircraft. We have arranged financing for only four of the 13 aircraft deliveries in 2002. Although we believe that debt and/or lease financing
should be