”, including the following risks, before investing
in our common stock: • negative trends in overall business, financial market, and economic conditions, and/or activity levels in our end markets; • our highly competitive business environment; • failure to timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends; • failure to maintain the performance, reliability, quality, and service standards required by our customers; • failure to implement our strategic initiatives, including JEM; • acquisitions or investments in other businesses that may not be successful; • declines in our relationships with and/or consolidation of our key customers; • increases in interest rates and reduced availability of financing for the purchase of new homes and home construction and improvements; • fluctuations in the prices of raw materials used to manufacture our products; • delays or interruptions in the delivery of raw materials or finished goods; • exchange rate fluctuations; • disruptions in our operations; • security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents; • increases in labor costs, potential labor disputes, and work stoppages at our facilities; • changes in building codes that could increase the cost of our products or lower the demand for our windows and doors; • compliance costs and liabilities under environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations; • product liability claims, product recalls, or warranty claims; • inability to protect our intellectual property; • loss of key officers or employees; • our current level of indebtedness; and • risks associated with the material weaknesses that have been identified. Our Corporate
Information JELD-WEN, Inc. was initially incorporated as an Oregon corporation in 1960 and JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. was initially incorporated as an Oregon corporation in 1999. On May 31, 2016, JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. 10 Table of Contents reincorporated as a Delaware corporation. JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. is a holding company that conducts its operations through its direct and indirect
subsidiaries, primarily JELD-WEN, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our principal executive offices are located at 440 S. Church Street, Suite 400, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202, and our telephone number is (704) 378-5700. We maintain a website on the Internet at http://www.jeld-wen.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part
of, and should not be considered as being incorporated by reference into, this prospectus. Our Sponsor Onex is one of the oldest and most successful private equity firms. Through its Onex Partners and ONCAP private equity funds, Onex acquires and
builds high-quality businesses in partnership with talented management teams. Through Onex Credit, Onex manages and invests in leveraged loans, collateralized loan obligations, and other credit securities. Onex has approximately $24 billion of
assets under management, including $6 billion of Onex proprietary capital. With offices in Toronto, New York, New Jersey, and London, Onex invests its capital through its two investing platforms and is the largest limited partner in each of its
private equity funds. Onex has extensive experience investing in leading, global industrial businesses, including in the building
products space. Notable examples of Onex’ investments in industrial companies over its 32-year history include Tomkins plc, Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., SIG Combibloc Group, Husky International
Ltd., KraussMaffei Group, Spirit AeroSystems, Inc., and RSI Home Products. 11 Table of Contents The Offering Issuer JELD-WEN Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation. Common stock offered by the selling shareholders 12,500,000 shares (or 14,375,000 shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full). Common stock outstanding (as of September 30, 2017) 105,194,748 shares. Option to purchase additional shares The underwriters have an option to purchase up to 1,875,000 additional shares from Onex. The underwriters can exercise this option at any time within 30 days from the date of this prospectus.