” section. Accordingly,
we cannot assure you that we will ever be able to discover, develop, obtain regulatory approval of, commercialize or generate significant
revenue from any product candidates. 22 Clinical
drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. The clinical trials of our product candidate may
not demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities or otherwise
produce positive results and the results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of future results. We
may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization
of our product candidates. Our
lead product candidate, JOTROL™, is entering into Phase II clinical trials after completing a Phase I clinical trial in
March 2021 and its risk of failure is high. It is impossible to predict when or if JOTROL™ or any product candidate that
we develop will prove effective or safe in humans or will receive marketing approval. Before obtaining marketing approval from the FDA,
EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must complete preclinical development
and extensive clinical trials to demonstrate with substantial evidence the safety and efficacy of such product candidates. Clinical
testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and its ultimate outcome is uncertain. We cannot
guarantee that any of our clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, or at all. Clinical trials can fail
at any stage of testing and failure may result from a multitude of factors, including, among other things, flaws in study design, dose
selection issues, placebo effects, patient enrollment criteria and failure to demonstrate favorable safety or efficacy traits. The outcome
of preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials. For example, our
product candidates may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy in clinical development despite positive results in preclinical studies
or having successfully advanced through initial clinical trials. We may also discover that the half-life of our product candidates renders
them unsuitable for the therapeutic applications we have chosen. As a result, we cannot assure you that any clinical trials that we conduct
will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety to support marketing approval. Many
companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials even after
achieving promising results in preclinical testing and earlier-stage clinical trials, and we cannot be certain that we will not face
similar setbacks. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies
that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed
to obtain marketing approval of their drugs. Furthermore, the failure of any of our product candidates to demonstrate safety and efficacy
in any clinical trial could negatively impact the perception of our other product candidates and/or cause the FDA or other regulatory
authorities to require additional testing before approving any of our product candidates. Our
clinical trials for JOTROL™ face significant risks that could delay or prevent marketing approval and commercialization.
Past delays in trial completion may continue due to regulatory feedback requiring design changes, negative or inconclusive results necessitating
additional trials, or challenges in obtaining institutional review board approvals. Enrollment issues, such as insufficient patient numbers
or high dropout rates, and difficulties in securing agreements with contract research organizations or clinical sites may further hinder
progress. Trials could be suspended or terminated due to non-compliance, undesirable side effects, or protocol deviations. Manufacturing
issues, including inadequate supply or quality of product candidates, facility shutdowns, or process changes, pose additional risks.
Third-party contractors, including investigators and data analysts, may fail to meet regulatory standards or timelines, potentially kindizing
data integrity and requiring new contractors. These challenges could increase costs, delay approvals, and impact our ability to generate
revenue. If
we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate,
if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing in a timely manner, if the results
of these trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns, we may incur unplanned costs,
be delayed in seeking and obtaining marketing approval, if we receive such approval at all, receive more limited or restrictive marketing
approval, be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements or have the drug removed from the market after obtaining marketing
approval. Moreover,
in the future, principal investigators for our clinical trials may serve as scientific advisors or consultants to us from time to time
and receive compensation in connection with such services. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to report some of these relationships
to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may conclude that a financial
relationship between us and a principal investigator has created a conflict of interest or otherwise affected interpretation of the study.
The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority may therefore question the integrity of the data generated at the applicable clinical
trial site and the utility of the clinical trial itself may be jeopardized. This could result in a delay in approval, or rejection, of
our marketing applications by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority, as the case may be, and may ultimately lead to the
denial of marketing approval of one or more of our product candidates. If
we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects
of our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues from any of these product candidates will be delayed.
Moreover, our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in preclinical studies or clinical trials or in obtaining
marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be
restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. We may also determine to change the design or protocol of one or more of our
clinical trials, which could result in increased costs and expenses and/or delays. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will
increase our costs, slow down our product candidates development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product
sales and generate revenues. In
addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of,
clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. Any delays to our clinical trials
that occur as a result could shorten any period during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates
and our competitors may be able to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of our product candidates could
be significantly reduced. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 23 Our
product candidates may cause serious adverse events, toxicities or other undesirable side effects when used alone or in combination with
other approved products or INDs that may result in a safety profile that could prevent regulatory approval, prevent market acceptance,
limit their commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. We
are developing a novel biologically active small molecule for neurological disorders. As a result, there is uncertainty as to the safety
profile of the product candidates we are developing. In addition, our product candidates may be used in combination with certain other
therapies which may have undesirable side effects. If our product candidates are associated with undesirable side effects or have unexpected
characteristics in preclinical studies or clinical trials when used alone or in combination with other approved products or INDs we may
need to interrupt, delay or abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable
side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Treatment-related
side effects could also affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled subjects to complete the trial or result in potential product
liability claims. Any of these occurrences may prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidates
and may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Patients
in our ongoing and planned clinical trials may in the future suffer other serious adverse events or other side effects not observed in
our preclinical studies or previous clinical trials. JOTROL™ or other product candidates may be used in pediatric populations
for which safety concerns may be particularly scrutinized by regulatory agencies. In addition, if JOTROL™ is studied in
combination with other therapies, it m