that may increase the likelihood of an OA diagnosis, obesity, sports injuries and excessive mechanical stress are among the top contributing factors. 80 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Beyond diet, exercise and physical therapy, the early treatment options for OA range from
limiting weight impact on the joints, to oral analgesics and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, or NSAIDs, such as aspirin and ibuprofen. When OA advances and oral or topical drug treatments are not sufficient to effectively address the
associated pain, physicians often turn to IA treatments, such as steroids and HA viscosupplements. These IA therapies provide more localized and targeted pain relief to the affected joint. Finally, for patients who progress to end-stage OA,
physicians will prescribe opioids which are highly addictive and tend to have numerous systemic side effects such as respiratory depression and constipation in older OA patients. The following graph sets out what we believe to be the standard
treatment progression for the treatment of OA pain in the knee: Steroids and Viscosupplements Dosages of steroids ranging from 10 to 40 mg have been demonstrated to be safe and effective for IA injection. Steroids have a rapid
onset of pain relief but the effect is short-term, generally lasting only two to four weeks post injection. A 2006 publication on IA steroids in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, which included 28 trials and 1,973 participants, concluded
that IA steroids were effective for two to four weeks post injection, but that there was a lack of evidence to support effect on pain and function beyond that time frame. Furthermore, it is believed that steroids may cause articular cartilage
damage, especially with higher doses and repetitive use. Guidelines for steroids usually include a warning against frequent use and recommend that they only be administered three to four times per year. Viscosupplementation therapies include HA, which is a naturally occurring constituent of the extracellular matrix of body tissues and is
found in the synovial fluid and articular cartilage of joints. HA functions as a lubricant for joints and aids in joint mobility. For people with osteoarthritis, however, the hyaluronic acid in their synovial fluid breaks down and leads to joint
pain and stiffness. According to the European League Against Rheumatism, there is evidence to support the efficacy of HA-based viscosupplements in knee OA for pain reduction and function improvement. Studies have shown that HA injections can often
provide pain relief of up to approximately six months. While viscosupplementation can provide OA pain relief for a longer duration than IA steroids, it typically has a delayed onset of pain relief and does not generally begin to provide peak pain
relief until five weeks post injection. A 2006 Cochrane publication on viscosupplementation involving 76 randomized, controlled trials confirmed that viscosupplements did not begin to provide peak pain relief until five weeks post injection.
According to Millennium Research Group, the global market in 2012 for HA viscosupplementation was valued at approximately $1.76 billion, the current global market is estimated at over $2 billion and the global market in 2017 is estimated at
approximately $2.4 billion. The global OA pain therapeutics market was estimated to be $4.5 billion in 2011 and is expected
to grow to over $6.1 billion by 2019, according to a report from GlobalData. According to Millennium Research Group, in 2012, 1.65 million IA knee injections of HA were given. In the same year, worldwide sales of HA were approximately $1.76
billion, $726 million of which came from the United States. 81 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Total Knee Arthroplasty: Despite the use of currently available treatments, many OA
patients experience persistent and worsening pain. Patients and their doctors therefore ultimately opt for TKA, which is generally the last option for the treatment of OA. Compared to other treatments, this invasive surgery is an expensive option,
with an initial surgical procedure cost of approximately $33,000 to $40,000. Available data suggest that approximately 600,000 TKA procedures are performed annually in the United States at a cost of $9 billion per year in aggregate. Because patients
are receiving TKAs more frequently and at a younger age, surgery to replace a previously performed TKA, known as revision surgery, is increasingly common and the average cost of a revision is approximately $74,000. Revision surgeries are not only
more costly, they are also associated with significantly higher morbidity and failure rates than the initial TKA surgery. Because of these factors, TKAs are not ideal for younger patients that are likely to outlive the useful life of their implant,
which is typically 15 to 20 years. Due to the expense of surgery and the limitations of treatments administered to prevent
such surgeries, there exists a need for an alternative treatment that could provide both rapid and sustained relief from OA pain and potentially delay the need for joint replacement surgery. Our Solution — Hydros-TA Hydros-TA is a combination IA product,
designed to provide both rapid and sustained pain relief with a single 6 ml intra-anticular injection, comprised of 52 mg of bacterially derived HA and 10 mg of TA. Rapid relief is provided from our low dose steroid component and sustained pain
relief, up to six months, is provided from our proprietary HA component. Hydros-TA is comprised of bacterially-derived HA-based hydrogel particles suspended in a solution of hyaluronic acid. The hydrogel particles contain the steroid, triamcinolone
acetonide, which is entrapped within these particles. The dose of TA used in Hydros-TA is 10 mg, which is one quarter of the dose of TA that is often administered clinically for IA injections into the knee. We believe the incorporation of a low dose
steroid into Hydros-TA provides a means of rapid pain relief currently missing from commercially-available HA products. We
have developed a proprietary methodology to cross-link hyaluronic acid in order to form our novel hydrogels. The chemistry used to cross-link the hyaluronic acid does not produce harmful reaction by-products that would otherwise need to be removed
from the hydrogel during the manufacturing process. This enables the direct incorporation of biologically-active agents into the hydrogel without the requirement for further purification. By incorporating the steroid component of Hydros-TA directly
into the hydrogel, the effective particle size of the steroid is dramatically increased. The large-sized hydrogel particles are not readily cleared from the joint immediately following IA injection, which may allow for better retention in the joint
and better protection of the cartilage surface from direct exposure to the steroid crystals. In addition, Hydros-TA is comprised of both a soluble HA component and a cross-linked HA hydrogel component. Clinical studies have shown that soluble HA
provides pain relief from OA knee pain, while HA hydrogels are known to be retained in the joint for a longer duration of effect than soluble HA. By utilizing these two forms of HA, we have designed Hydros-TA to combine the proven pain-relieving
benefits of soluble HA with the duration benefits of HA hydrogel. Moreover, we believe that the molecular weight of our soluble HA component, at 700-1,000 kDa, is optimized for pain relief and that our HA hydrogel component, with approximately 2.5
times more HA hydrogel than Synvisc-One, is optimized for duration of effect. Additionally, we designed our Hydros platform from a bacterially-derived HA, without the presence of animal proteins common in other viscosupplements, which eliminates a
source of a potential adverse immune response. We believe that a clinically-proven and FDA-approved combination Hydros-TA product will provide a compelling alternative to performing sequential injections of steroids and viscosupplements.
Additionally, the ready-to-use single injection format means that there is no product manipulation required before use. From the physician’s standpoint, this means that the product is easy to use and, because every joint injection poses a risk
of infection, may reduce the likelihood of potential joint infections when compared to a procedure that involves separate injections of a steroid and a viscosupplement. We believe that the versatility provided by our proprietary cross-linking
combination will enable Hydros-TA to potentially address current shortcomings in the OA pain relief treatment spectrum for the knee, as well as provide both rapid and sustained relief for other joints affected by OA pain, such as hip, shoulder,
spine and ankle joints. 82 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Hydros-TA Clinical Program Hydros-TA is a drug/device combination product regulated through the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, or CDER. We do
not currently have an open IND, so we have designed and implemented our Phase 3 program in close communication with the FDA. The chemistry, manufacturing, control and development for Hydros-TA has, in principle, been outlined and expectations
communicated by the FDA to enable an IND to be opened in mid-2015. Our COR1.1 Phase 3 study protocol, including primary and secondary endpoints and statistical analysis plan, was developed in conjunction with formal pre-IND meetings with the FDA in
which our COR1.0 Phase 2b study data was presented. In these meetings, we also addressed the study protocol for our second Phase 3 study, COR1.2, which will be designed as a two arm, TA-controlled study. The FDA also clarified the requirement for
the number of patients required for the safety database and indicated that we could utilize an open-label safety trial to collect these data. We expect to initiate COR1.2, our second Phase 3 trial, to begin enrolling U.S. pati