—Risks Related to Regulatory
Matters—Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions of, or delays in, natural gas production by our customers, which could adversely impact our revenue.” We cannot predict the future of any such legislation and what additional, if any, provisions would be included. If additional levels of regulation,
restrictions and permits were required through the adoption of new laws and regulations at the federal or state level or the development of new interpretations of those requirements by the agencies that issue the required permits could lead to
operational delays, increased operating costs and process prohibitions that could reduce demand for our compression operations, which would materially adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. Solid Waste The Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act (“RCRA”) and comparable state laws control the management and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous waste. These laws and regulations govern the generation, storage, treatment,
transfer and disposal of wastes that we generate including, but not limited to, used oil, antifreeze, filters, sludges, paint, solvents and sandblast materials. The EPA and various state agencies have limited the approved methods of disposal for
these types of wastes. Drilling fluids, produced waters and most of the other wastes associated with the exploration, development and production of natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil, if properly handled, are currently exempt from regulation
as hazardous waste under RCRA and, instead, are regulated under RCRA’s less stringent non-hazardous waste provisions, state laws or other federal laws. However, it is possible that 102 Table of Contents certain natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil drilling and production wastes now classified as non-hazardous could be classified as hazardous wastes in the future. Any such change could result
in an increase in the costs to manage and dispose of wastes, which could increase the costs of our customers’ operations. Site Remediation The Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) and comparable state laws impose strict, joint and
several liability without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct on certain classes of persons that are considered to have contributed to the release of a hazardous substance into the environment. These persons include the owner and
operator of a disposal site where a hazardous substance release occurred and any company that transported, disposed of or arranged for the transport or disposal of hazardous substances released at the site. Under CERCLA, such persons may be liable
for the costs of remediating the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. Additionally, where contamination may be present, it is not uncommon
for the neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury, property damage and recovery of response costs. While we generate materials in the course of our operations that may be regulated as hazardous substances, we
have not received notification that we may be potentially responsible for cleanup costs under CERCLA at any site. While we do not currently own or lease
any facilities or properties for storage or maintenance of our inactive compression operations equipment, we may use third-party properties for such storage and possible maintenance and repair activities. Additionally, our active compression
operations equipment typically is installed on properties owned or leased by third-party customers and operated by us pursuant to terms set forth in the contracts executed by those customers. Under most of our contracts, our customers must
contractually indemnify us for certain damages we may suffer as a result of the release into the environment of hazardous and toxic substances. We are not currently responsible for any remedial activities at any properties we use; however, there is
always the possibility that our future use of those properties may result in spills or releases of petroleum hydrocarbons, wastes or other regulated substances into the environment that may cause us to become subject to remediation costs and
liabilities under CERCLA, RCRA or other environmental laws. We cannot provide any assurance that the costs and liabilities associated with the future imposition of such remedial obligations upon us would not have a material adverse effect on our
operations or financial position. Endangered Species Act and Migratory Birds The Endangered Species Act (“ESA”) was established to protect endangered and threatened species. Pursuant to the ESA, if a species is listed as
threatened or endangered, restrictions may be imposed on activities adversely affecting that species’ habitat. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service may designate critical habitat and suitable habitat areas it believes are necessary for survival
of a threatened or endangered species. While some of our facilities are in areas that may be designated as a habitat for endangered species, we believe that we are in substantial compliance with the ESA. Similar protections are offered to migratory
birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, and to bald and golden eagles under the Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act. The presence of any protected species or the final designation of previously unprotected species as threatened or endangered in
areas where we operate could result in increased costs from species protection measures or could result in limitations, delays, or prohibitions on our exploration and production activities that could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop
and produce our reserves. Safety and Health The Occupational Safety and Health Act (“OSHA”) and comparable state laws and regulations govern the protection of the health and safety of
employees. The OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know regulations under Title III of CERCLA and similar state statutes and regulations
require that we organize and, as necessary, disclose information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations to various federal, state and local agencies, as well as employees. Other OSHA standards regulate specific worker safety
aspects of our operations. 103 Table of Contents Properties We do not currently own or lease any material facilities or properties for storage or maintenance of our compression units. As of December 31, 2022, our
headquarters consisted of 13,279 square feet of leased space located at 15320 Highway 105 W, Suite 210, Montgomery, Texas 77356, and 13,320 square feet of leased space located at 15258 Highway 105 W, Suite 200, Montgomery, Texas
77356. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we and
our subsidiaries may be involved in various claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. In management’s opinion, the resolution of such matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. Beginning in October 2019 through March 2023, we received notices of audits from the State of Texas
Comptroller’s office for the periods covering December 2015 through October 2022. Based on the timing and nature of a previous settlement, we may receive similar treatment on settlement of our sales tax liability. We are actively in settlement
discussions with the Comptroller, and if necessary, we will exhaust our administrative remedies to the maximum extent possible. See “Risk Factors—We have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to sales tax audits in
jurisdictions where we operate. As a result we may incur material unanticipated sales tax liabilities.” Human Capital Employees As of December 31, 2022, we had 720
full-time employees. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. We consider our employees to be our greatest asset and
believe that our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain our employees. Diversity and inclusion are foundational to our leadership approach and our focus is on how our actions and the actions of our employees foster diversity
and inclusion in our everyday activities at Kodiak. We support diversity in hiring, and 45% of our executive leadership team is gender or ethnically diverse and 42% of our total workforce is gender or ethnically diverse. We support gender and ethnic pay equity and believe we offer competitive and comprehensive compensation and benefits packages that include annual bonuses,
stock awards, a 401(k) plan with employer contribution, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts with employer contribution, paid time off, family leave, an employee assistance program and tuition assistance,
among many other benefits. Safety, Health and Wellness The success of