— Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock — Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.” Amendment of Charter Provisions The amendment of any of the above provisions, except for the provision making it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock, would require approval by holders of at least two-thirds of the total voting power of all of our outstanding voting stock. The provisions of Delaware law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in the composition of our board and management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their
best interests. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock will be Computershare Trust Company, N.A. NASDAQ Listing We intend to apply to have our common stock approved for listing on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “KIDS.” 122 TABLE OF CONTENTS SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has not been a public market for our common stock. We cannot predict what effect, if any, future sales of shares of common stock, or the availability for future sales of shares of common stock will have on the market price of our common stock prevailing from time to time. Nevertheless, sales of substantial amounts of common stock, including shares issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, in the public market or the perception that such sales could occur, could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through
the sale of our equity or equity-related securities at a time and price that we deem appropriate. Upon the completion of this offering, we will have      shares of common stock outstanding. All shares sold in this offering will be freely tradable without registration under the Securities Act and without restriction by persons other than our “affiliates” (as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or Rule 144). The      shares of common stock held by Squadron and certain of our directors, officers and employees after this offering, based on the number of shares outstanding as of March 31, 2016, will be “restricted” securities under the meaning of Rule 144 and
may not be sold in the absence of registration under the Securities Act, unless an exemption from registration is available, including the exemptions pursuant to Rule 144. The restricted shares held by our affiliates will be available for sale in the public market at various times after the date of this prospectus pursuant to Rule 144 following the expiration of the applicable lock-up period. Lock-Up Agreements We and each of our directors, executive officers and significant equity holders have agreed that we and they will not, subject to limited exceptions that are described in more detail in the section in this prospectus entitled “Underwriting,” during the period ending 180 days after the date of this prospectus: • offer, pledge, announce the intention to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, make any short sale, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any shares of our common stock or any securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock; • enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our securities, whether settled by delivery of shares of our common stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise; • make any demand for or exercise any right with respect to, the registration of any shares of our common stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our common stock; or • publicly disclose the intention to do any of the foregoing. Piper Jaffray & Co. and Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated may, in their sole discretion and at any time or from time to time before the termination of the 180-day period, without public notice, release all or any portion of the securities subject to lock-up agreements. There are no existing agreements between the underwriters and any of our stockholders who will execute a lock-up agreement providing consent to the sale of shares prior to the expiration of the restricted period. Upon the expiration of the lock-up period, all of the shares subject to such lock-up restrictions will become eligible for sale, subject to the limitations discussed above. Rule 144 Affiliate Resales of Restricted Securities In general, beginning 90 days after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, a person who is an affiliate of ours, or who was an affiliate at any time during the 90 days before a sale, who has beneficially owned shares of our common stock for at least six months 123 TABLE OF CONTENTS would be entitled to sell in “broker’s transactions” or certain “riskless principal transactions” or to market makers, a number of shares within any three-month period that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which will equal approximately     shares immediately after this offering; or • the average weekly trading volume in our common stock on NASDAQ during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. Affiliate resales under Rule 144 are also subject to the availability of current public information about us. In addition, if the number of shares being sold under Rule 144 by an affiliate during any three-month period exceeds 5,000 shares or has an aggregate sale price in excess of $50,000, the seller must file a notice on Form 144 with the SEC and NASDAQ concurrently with either the placing of a sale order with the broker or the execution of a sale directly with a market maker. Non-Affiliate Resales of Restricted Securities In general, beginning 90 days after the effective date of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, a person who is not an affiliate of ours at the time of sale, and has not been an affiliate at any time during the three months preceding a sale, and who has beneficially owned shares of our common stock for at least six months but less than a year, is entitled to sell such shares subject only to the availability of current public information about us. If such person has held our shares for at least one year, such person can resell under Rule 144(b)(1) without regard to any Rule 144 restrictions, including
the 90-day public company requirement and the current public information requirement. Non-affiliate resales are not subject to the manner of sale, volume limitation or notice filing provisions of Rule 144. Rule 701 In general, under Rule 701, any of an issuer’s employees, directors, officers, consultants or advisors who purchases shares from the issuer in connection with a compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement before the effective date of a registration statement under the Securities Act is entitled to sell such shares 90 days after such effective date in reliance on Rule 144. An affiliate of the issuer can resell shares in reliance on Rule 144 without having to comply with the holding period requirement, and non-affiliates of the issuer can resell shares in reliance on Rule 144 without having to comply with
the current public information and holding period requirements. Equity Plans We intend to file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register all shares of common stock subject to outstanding stock options and common stock issued or issuable under our equity incentive plans. We expect to file the registration statement covering shares offered pursuant to our stock plans shortly after the date of this prospectus, permitting the resale of such shares by non-affiliates in the public market without restriction under the Securities Act and the sale by affiliates in the public market subject to compliance with the resale provisions of Rule 144. Registration Rights Based on the number of shares of our Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock held by Squadron as of March 31, 2016, and assuming the conversion of all such shares of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock into 5,157,960 shares of our common stock, and the conversion of the $16.0 million preference payment on our Series A Preferred Stock into           shares of our common stock, both of which will occur immediately prior to the completion of this offering,      shares of common stock will be entitled to various rights with respect to
registration under the Securities Act upon the completion of this offering. Such registration would result in these shares becoming fully tradable without restriction under the Securities Act when the applicable registration statement is declared effective. These rights are subject to the 180-day lock-up agreements described in “— Lock-Up Agreements”. See “Description of Capital Stock — Registration Rights” for additional information. 124 TABLE OF CONTENTS MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCE