” and the consolidated financial statements and
related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. In this prospectus, unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, references to “Kodiak,” “we,” “us,” “our” and similar references refer to
Kodiak Sciences Inc. and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Overview We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company specializing in novel therapeutics to treat chronic, high-prevalence retinal diseases. Our
most advanced product candidate is KSI-301, a biologic therapy built with our antibody biopolymer conjugate, or ABC, platform, which is designed to maintain potent and effective drug levels in ocular tissues.
We believe that KSI-301, if approved, has the potential to become an important anti-VEGF therapy in wet age-related macular degeneration, or wet AMD, and diabetic
retinopathy, or DR. KSI-301 and our ABC Platform were developed at Kodiak, and we own worldwide rights to those assets, including composition of matter patent protection for KSI-301. We have applied our ABC Platform to develop additional product candidates beyond KSI-301, including KSI-501, our bispecific anti-IL-6/VEGF bioconjugate. We intend to progress these and other product
candidates to address high-prevalence ophthalmic diseases. We initiated our first-in-human, Phase 1 clinical study of KSI-301 in the
United States in nine patients in July 2018. We have successfully dosed all patients at the pre-planned dose levels and reached the primary safety and tolerability endpoint of the study. No patients in the Phase 1 study have experienced any serious
adverse events. There have been no drug-related adverse events, no dose limiting toxicities and, notably, no intraocular inflammation observed at any dose. Improvements in best corrected visual acuity, or BCVA, and reductions in macular thickness on
optical coherence tomography imaging, or OCT, have been observed at all dose levels. This suggests that KSI-301, a large antibody biopolymer conjugate, is biologically active at all dose levels tested. Having successfully met the primary endpoint of
safety and tolerability in the Phase 1 study, with the additional observations around bioactivity, we plan to further evaluate the highest dose tested of KSI-301, 5 mg, in a series of global studies in wet AMD and DR, including diabetic macular
edema, or DME. We expect to be dosing patients in a global Phase 2 study of KSI-301 in the United States in early 2019, and clinical
trial applications to ex-U.S. regulatory authorities for this study are in progress. This randomized, controlled study in approximately 400 treatment nalve wet AMD patients will evaluate the non-inferiority of intravitreal KSI-301 administered as
infrequently as every 16 weeks versus EYLEA (aflibercept) administered on its every 8-week labeled regimen. FDA has indicated that this Phase 2 study, if successful, can be supportive of a marketing application for KSI-301 as one of two pivotal
studies in wet AMD required for approval in the United States. We also plan to initiate a Phase 2 clinical trial of KSI-301 in the U.S. and EU in DR patients. We additionally plan to initiate two Phase 2 studies in China, one in wet AMD and one in
DR, and we are planning for these studies to have the same clinical design frameworks as our U.S. and EU studies. In parallel to initiating our Phase 2 studies, we intend to expand the scope of our Phase 1 study into a Phase 1b open label study to
evaluate the treatment effect and safety of sequential doses of KSI-301 with more intensive ophthalmic imaging and ocular pharmacokinetic assessments. Target Indications Our initial
target indications for KSI-301 are wet AMD and DR. Wet AMD is a chronic and progressive disease of the central portion of the retina, known as the macula, which is responsible for sharp central vision and
color perception. It is caused by abnormal blood vessels that grow underneath the retina and leak blood and fluid 1 Table of Contents into the macula, causing visual distortion and acute vision loss, which can be permanent. Wet AMD is the leading cause of severe vision loss in adults over the age of 50 in the United States and
the European Union, or EU. We estimate the combined prevalence of wet AMD in the United States and the EU to be approximately 2.9 million people. DR is a disease resulting from diabetes, in which chronically elevated blood sugar levels cause
progressive damage to blood vessels in the retina. DR is the leading cause of blindness in working age adults in the United States and the EU. We estimate that the number of people in the United States and the EU with DR in 2015 was approximately
28.5 million. Ongoing and Planned Clinical Development The following chart summarizes our clinical development plan for our lead product candidate and our other product candidates: Current Standard of Care for Wet AMD and DR Overexpression of vascular endothelial growth factor, or VEGF, in ocular tissues is central to the pathogenesis and clinical manifestations of
wet AMD and DR. VEGF is a protein produced by cells that stimulates the formation of new blood vessels, a process called neovascularization, and induces vascular permeability. In wet AMD and DR, fluid that exits from blood vessels causes swelling,
or edema, of the retina and loss of vision. This loss of vision can be reversed if treated early with an anti-VEGF agent to suppress VEGF signaling. Delayed treatment or undertreatment can result in permanent retinal damage and blindness. To reach
effective ocular tissue concentrations, these agents must be injected into the vitreous humor, the jelly-like substance that fills the area between the lens and retina. These injections must occur at regular intervals in order to maintain anti-VEGF
effects. Lucentis (ranibizumab), marketed by Genentech, Inc., a subsidiary of the Roche Group, in the United States and by Novartis AG
outside the United States, and EYLEA (aflibercept), marketed by Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in the United States and by Bayer HealthCare LLC outside the United States, are anti-VEGF therapies that have become the standard of care for treating
wet AMD and severe forms of DR based on pivotal clinical studies in which Lucentis was injected every four weeks and EYLEA was injected every eight weeks (after three initial monthly doses in the case of wet AMD and after five initial monthly doses
in the case of DR with DME). Avastin (bevacizumab), marketed for non-ocular indications by Genentech in the United States and by Roche outside of the United States, is an anti-VEGF cancer therapy that shares
structural characteristics 2 Table of Contents with Lucentis and is commonly used off-label to treat wet AMD and DR through intravitreal injection dosed every four weeks. Annual worldwide sales of Lucentis and EYLEA for all indications totaled approximately $9.6 billion in 2017. We believe a substantial
majority of these sales were in connection with the treatment of wet AMD and DR. Avastin, which is currently approved and marketed for the treatment of cancer, is also used off-label to treat wet AMD and DR. We estimate that off-label Avastin
represents approximately 60% of the U.S. wet AMD market by volume. We believe that an improved anti-VEGF therapy could further increase both adoption of approved therapies and extend the duration patients remain on treatment, and thus, the total
addressable market opportunity in wet AMD and DR could be substantial. Limitations of Current Anti-VEGF Therapies The limitations of current anti-VEGF therapies include: • Existing anti-VEGF therapies block VEGF activity effectively but have limited durability. We believe
current anti-VEGF therapies maintain potent and effective drug levels in ocular tissues for three to six weeks after injection on average. But typical treatment intervals in real-world clinical practice are longer. When a patient’s dosing cycle
is extended beyond the durability of the anti-VEGF agent, and the amount of drug remaining in the eye falls below therapeutic levels, the disease can progress and cause cumulative and permanent retinal damage. Most wet AMD and DR patients will
require protracted anti-VEGF therapy, possibly for life. Under these circumstances, strict adherence to the manufacturer’s labeled treatment regimen of every four weeks for Lucentis and every eight weeks for EYLEA is challenging. • Real-world utilization of current anti-VEGFs results in undertreatment, which diminishes effectiveness. A
divergence between the efficacy of Lucentis and EYLEA in pivotal clinical trials and in the real world is evidenced in multiple studies and is increasingly recognized as an important unmet medical need. A 2017 report by the Angiogenesis Foundation
suggested that the burden involved in monthly visits for evaluation and treatment causes patients and physicians to extend treatment intervals, which in turn results in undertreatment and visual outcomes that fall short of the results seen in
clinical trials. For example, Lucentis was tested and failed to successfully extend the treatment interval to 12-week dosing, with patients going back to pre-treatment baseline or even losing vision at the end of the first year of treatment, on
average. The Lucentis U.S. product labeling refers to this regimen as an option which is “not as effective” as monthly dosing. Recently, the FDA allowed an update to EYLEA’s labeling to allow 12-week dosing, but only in the second
year of treatment (after one full year of intensive treatment). The labeling refers to it as “not as effective as the recommended every 8-week dosing.” Even a small deviation from per label dosing can be devastating for vision. Missing as
few as one or two injections in a year from EYLEA’s recommended dosing, results in almost one line of vision lost. • Patients are not sustaining visual acuity gains over the long term. Following exit from tightly controlled
clinical trials into the real-world environment, pat