” beginning on page 18. HOW WE INTEND TO
USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING Although we cannot determine what the actual net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common
stock in the offering will be until the offering is completed, we anticipate that the net proceeds will be between $595.1 million and $806.1 million. We intend to distribute the net proceeds as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $10.00 per share of 61,625,000 Shares 72,500,000 Shares 83,375,000 Shares Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars in thousands) Offering proceeds $ 616,250 $ 725,000 $ 833,750 Less offering expenses 21,191 24,400 27,608 Net offering proceeds $ 595,059 100.0 % $ 700,600 100.0 % $ 806,142 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: Contribution to Kearny Bank $ 297,529 50.0 % $ 350,300 50.0 % $ 403,071 50.0 % Cash contribution to the Foundation 5,000 0.8 5,000 0.7 $ 5,000 0.6 To fund loan to employee stock ownership plan 31,063 5.2 36,500 5.2 $ 41,937 5.2 Retained by New Kearny (1) $ 261,467 44.0 % $ 308,800 44.1 % $ 356,134 44.2 % (1) In the event the stock-based benefit plan providing for stock awards and stock options is approved by stockholders, and assuming shares are purchased for the stock awards at $10.00 per share, an additional $15.5
million, $18.3 million and $21.0 million, respectively, of net proceeds will be used by New Kearny. In this case, the net proceeds retained by New Kearny would be $246.0 million, $290.5 million and $335.1 million, respectively, at the minimum,
midpoint and maximum of the offering range. 32 Table of Contents Payments for shares of common stock made through withdrawals from existing deposit accounts will
not result in the receipt of new funds for investment but will result in a reduction of Kearny Bank’s deposits. The net proceeds may vary because total expenses relating to the offering may be more or less than our estimates. For example, our
expenses would increase if fewer shares were sold in the subscription and community offerings and more in the syndicated or firm commitment underwritten offering than we have assumed. New Kearny may use the proceeds it retains from the offering: • to invest in securities; • to pay cash dividends to stockholders; • to repurchase shares of our common stock; • to finance the acquisition of financial institutions, although we do not currently have any agreements or understandings regarding any specific acquisition transaction; and • for other general corporate purposes. See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion of
our expected dividend policy following the completion of the conversion. Under current federal regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of the conversion, except when extraordinary
circumstances exist and with prior regulatory approval, or except to fund restricted stock plans (which would require notification to the Federal Reserve Board) or tax qualified employee stock benefit plans. Kearny Bank may use the net proceeds it receives from the offering: • to invest in securities; • to fund new loans; • to enhance existing products and services and to support the development of new products and services; • to expand its retail banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new branches or by acquiring other financial institutions or other financial services companies as opportunities arise, although we do not currently
have any understandings or agreements to acquire a financial institution or other entity; and • for other general corporate purposes. Initially, a substantial portion of the net proceeds
will be invested in short-term investments, investment-grade debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities. We have not determined specific amounts of the net proceeds that would be used for the purposes described above. The use of the proceeds
outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, the attractiveness of potential acquisitions to expand our
operations, and overall market conditions. The use of the proceeds may also change depending on our ability to receive regulatory approval to establish new branches or acquire other financial institutions. We expect our return on equity to be low until we are able to reinvest effectively the additional capital raised in the offering. Until we can
increase our net interest income and non-interest income, we expect our return on equity to be below the industry average, which may negatively affect the value of our common stock. See “Risk 33 Table of Contents Factors—Risks Related to the Offering—Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance.” OUR DIVIDEND POLICY After the completion of the conversion, we intend to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis. Initially, we expect the quarterly dividends to
be $0.02 per share, which equals $0.08 per share on an annualized basis and an annual yield of 0.8% based on a price of $10.00 per share. The dividend rate and the initial and continued payment of dividends will depend on a number of factors, including our capital requirements,
our financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations, and general economic conditions. We cannot assure you that any such dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. New Kearny will not be permitted to pay dividends on its common stock if its stockholders’ equity would be reduced below the amount of
the liquidation account established by New Kearny in connection with the conversion. The source of dividends will depend on the net proceeds retained by New Kearny and earnings thereon, and dividends from Kearny Bank. In addition, New Kearny will be
subject to state law limitations and federal bank regulatory policy on the payment of dividends. Maryland law generally limits dividends if the corporation would not be able to pay its debts in the usual course of business after giving effect to the
dividend or if the corporation’s total assets would be less than the corporation’s total liabilities plus the amount needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are
superior to those receiving the distribution. After the completion of the conversion, Kearny Bank will not be permitted to pay dividends
on its capital stock to New Kearny, its sole stockholder, if Kearny Bank’s stockholder’s equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account established in connection with the conversion. In addition, Kearny Bank will not
be permitted to make a capital distribution if, after making such distribution, it would be undercapitalized. Kearny Bank must file an application with the OCC for approval of a capital distribution if the total capital distributions for the
applicable calendar year exceed the sum of Kearny Bank’s net income for that year to date plus its retained net income for the preceding two years or Kearny Bank would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution. A savings
institution that is a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, such as Kearny Bank, must file notice with the Federal Reserve Board and an application or a notice with the OCC at least thirty days before making a capital distribution, such
as paying a dividend to New Kearny. Any payment of dividends by Kearny Bank to New Kearny that would be deemed to be drawn from Kearny
Bank’s bad debt reserves established prior to calendar 1988, if any, would require a payment of taxes at the then-current tax rate by Kearny Bank on the amount of earnings deemed to be removed from the reserves for such distribution. Kearny
Bank does not intend to make any distribution that would create such a federal tax liability. See “The Conversion and Offering—Liquidation Rights.” For further information concerning additional federal law and regulations regarding
the ability of Kearny Bank to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends to New Kearny, see “Taxation—Federal Taxation” and “Supervision and Regulation—Regulation of Kearny Bank—Dividend and Other
Capital Distribution Limitations.” We will file a consolidated federal tax return with Kearny Bank. Accordingly, it is anticipated
that any cash distributions made by us to our stockholders would be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return of capital for federal tax purposes. Additionally, pursuant to Federal Reserve Board regulations, during the three-year
period following the conversion, we will not make any capital distribution to stockholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free return of capital for federal income tax purposes. MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK Kearny-Federal’s common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “KRNY.” Upon completion
of the conversion, we expect the shares of common stock of New Kearny will replace 34 Table of Contents the existing shares of Kearny-Federal and trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “KRNY.” In order to list our stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, we are
required to have at least three broker-dealers who will make a market in our common stock. As of [stockholder record date], Kearny-Federal had approximately      registered market makers in its common stock. Sandler
O’Neill & Partners, L.P. has advised us that they intend to make a market in our common stock following the offering, but are under no obligation to do so. The following table sets forth the high and low trading prices for shares of Kearny-Federal common stock for the periods indicated, as
obtained from the Nasdaq Stock Market. We discontinued paying cash dividends on our common stock beginning in the fourth quarter of 2012 purs