An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and the other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of the risk factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our securities. National Securities Exchange Listing Our common stock and certain of our outstanding warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “KTTA” and “KTTAW,” respectively. There is no established public trading market for the Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants, and we do not expect a market to develop. In addition, we do not intend to apply to list the Pre-Funded Warrants or Common Warrants on the Nasdaq Capital Market or on any other national securities exchange or other nationally recognized trading system. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the Pre-Funded Warrants and Common Warrants will be limited. (1) The above discussion and table are based on 7,443,577 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 17, 2025, and excludes as of such date: ● 1,685,843 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options outstanding, at a weighted-average exercise price of $2.77 per share; ● 9,782,262 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently outstanding warrants, at a weighted-average exercise price of $6.19 per share; ● 1,924,153 shares of common stock that are available for future issuance under our 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (the “2023 Plan”), or shares that will become available under our 2023 Plan; ● the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Common Warrants and/or Pre-Funded Warrants to be issued to investors in this offering; and ● the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants to be issued to the placement agent or its designees in connection with this offering. 5 RISK FACTORS Before purchasing any of the securities you
should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below and incorporated by reference in this prospectus from our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, and any subsequent updates described in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and
Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as the risks, uncertainties and additional information set forth in our SEC reports on Forms 10-K,
10-Q, and 8-K and in the other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. For a description of these reports and documents,
and information about where you can find them, see “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Information Incorporated
By Reference.” Additional risks not presently known or that we presently consider to be immaterial could subsequently materially
and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, business, and prospects. We have incurred losses since inception
and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We are not currently profitable, and we may never achieve
or sustain profitability. We have never generated revenue from operations,
are unlikely to generate revenues for several years, and are currently operating at a loss and expect our operating costs will increase
significantly as we incur costs related to preclinical development, the clinical trials for our drug candidates and to operating as a
public company. We expect to incur substantial expenses without corresponding revenues unless and until we are able to obtain regulatory
approval and successfully commercialize one or more of our drug candidates. We may never be able to obtain regulatory approval for the
marketing of any of our drug candidates in any indication in the United States or internationally. Even if we are able to commercialize
our drug candidates, there can be no assurance that we will generate significant revenues or ever achieve profitability. We have incurred
losses in each year since we commenced operations. We incurred net losses of approximately $13.9 million and approximately $16.0 million
for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and net losses of approximately $3.0 million and approximately $10.3 million
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025. As of December 31, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $49.6
million, and as of September 30, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $59.9 million. The size of our future net losses
will depend, in part, on our future expenses and our ability to generate revenue, if any. Revenue from our current and potential future
collaborations is uncertain because milestones or other contingent payments under our agreements may not be achieved or received. As of December 31, 2024, we had capital resources
consisting of cash and cash equivalents of $6.9 million and as of September 30, 2025, we had capital resources consisting of cash and
cash equivalents of $4.1 million. We will continue to expend substantial cash resources for the foreseeable future for the clinical development
of our product candidates and development of any other indications and product candidates we may choose to pursue. These expenditures
will include costs associated with research and development, conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, manufacturing and supply,
as well as marketing and selling any products approved for sale. In particular, our Phase 3 clinical studies for our product candidates
will require substantial funds to complete. Because the conduct and results of any clinical trial are highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably
estimate the actual amounts necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of our current and any future product
candidates. We are uncertain when or if we will be able to
achieve or sustain profitability. If we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent
periods. Failure to become and remain profitable would impair our ability to sustain operations and adversely affect the price of our
securities and our ability to raise capital. We will require additional capital to fund
our operations, and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we may not be able to complete the development and commercialization of
our drugs. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents,
together with interest or dividends thereon, before giving effect to the proceeds of this offering, will be sufficient to fund our operations
through December 2025. We have based these estimates, however, on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available
capital resources much faster than we currently expect or require more capital to fund our operations than we currently expect. Our currently
anticipated expenditures for the development of our product candidates, PAS-004, PAS-003, and PAS-001, exceed our existing cash resources.
Even after the completion of this offering, we will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and continue to support our
planned development and commercialization activities. 6 The report of our independent registered
public accounting firms for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Due to the uncertainty of our ability
to meet our current operating and capital expenses, in its report on our audited annual financial statements as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2024, our independent audit firm included an explanatory paragraph regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a
going concern. Substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern may materially and adversely affect the price per share
of our common stock and certain of our warrants and we may have a more difficult time obtaining financing. Further, the perception that
we may be unable to continue as a going concern may impede our ability to raise additional funds or operate