Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should read the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. Proposed NASDAQ Global Select Market symbol KURA The number of shares of common stock outstanding is based on an aggregate of 14,508,177 shares outstanding as of
September 30, 2015, and excludes: • 410,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options, each at an exercise price of $6.32 per share; 6 Table of Contents • 621,500 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, or 2014 plan, plus any future increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for
issuance under the 2014 plan pursuant to evergreen provisions; and • 25,000 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or 2015 ESPP, plus any future increases in the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the
2015 ESPP pursuant to evergreen provisions. Unless otherwise indicated in this prospectus, all share and per share figures
reflect the exchange of each share of Prior Kura common stock then outstanding for 0.5 shares of our common stock upon the effective time of the Merger, or the Effective Time, on March 6, 2015. Except as otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase
additional shares of our common stock. 7 Table of Contents SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA The following tables summarize Prior Kura’s and our financial data for the periods presented and should be read together with the
sections of this prospectus entitled “Capitalization,” “Selected Financial Data,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and our financial statements and
related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. The summary financial data in this section are not intended to replace our financial statements and related notes thereto. The following summary statement of operations for the period
from August 22, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014 have been derived from Prior Kura’s audited financial statements and footnotes included elsewhere in this prospectus. The following summary statement of operations for the six
months ended June 30, 2015 and summary balance sheet data as of June 30, 2015 have been derived from our unaudited financial statements and footnotes included elsewhere in this prospectus. We have prepared the unaudited financial
statements on the same basis as the audited financial statements and have included all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which in our opinion are necessary to state fairly the financial information set forth in those
statements. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results we expect in the future, and our interim results should not necessarily be considered indicative of results we expect for the full year. Period From August 22, 2014 (Inception) to December 31, 2014 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per share data) Statements of Operations data: Operating Expenses: Research and development $ 2,028 $ 5,949 Research and development, related party 624 2,080 General and administrative 1,262 2,529 General and administrative, related party 20 37 Total operating expenses 3,934 10,595 Other Income (Expense): Management fee income, related party 300 600 Interest income — 22 Interest expense — (42 ) Interest expense, related party (37 ) (46 ) Total other income 263 534 Net loss $ (3,671 ) $ (10,061 ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted $ (25.98 ) $ (1.47 ) Weighted average number of shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 141 6,822 The following summary unaudited balance sheet data as of June 30, 2015 is presented: • on an actual basis; and • on a pro forma as adjusted basis to give effect to our sale of              shares of common stock in this offering at the assumed offering price of
$         per share, which was the last reported closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on
                    , 2015, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. 8 Table of Contents The summary unaudited pro forma as adjusted balance sheet is for informational purposes only
and does not purport to indicate balance sheet information as of any future date. June 30, 2015 Actual Pro Forma As Adjusted (1) (Unaudited) (In thousands) Balance Sheet data: Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments $ 45,933 $ Working capital 43,585 Total assets 47,532 Long-term liabilities 604 Accumulated deficit (13,732 ) Total stockholders’ equity 43,324 (1) Each $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed public offering price of $         per share, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTCQB on
                    , 2015, would increase (decrease) the pro forma as adjusted amount of cash and cash equivalents, total assets, and total
stockholders’ equity by approximately $         million, assuming the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We may also increase or decrease the number of shares we are offering. Each increase (decrease) of 1,000,000 shares in the number of shares offered by us
would increase (decrease) the pro forma as adjusted amount of cash and cash equivalents, total assets, and total stockholders’ equity by approximately $         million, assuming that the assumed
public offering price remains the same, and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The pro forma as adjusted information discussed above is illustrative only and will be
adjusted based on the actual public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. 9 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the
other information contained in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed by any of these risks. As a result, you could lose some or all of your investment in our
common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or other factors not perceived by us to present significant risks to our business at this time also may impair our
business operations. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need For Additional Capital We expect to incur losses over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We expect that it will be many years, if ever, before we have a product candidate ready for commercialization. To date, we have financed our
operations primarily through equity and debt financings. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We
anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: • continue development of our product candidates; • initiate new clinical trials for our product candidates; • seek marketing approvals for our product candidates; • establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; • hire additional personnel; • add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; and • incur increased costs as a result of continued operations as a public company. To become and
remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize a product or products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing clinical trials of our product
candidates, obtaining marketing approval from the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, for these product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling those products for which we may obtain marketing approval. We may never succeed in these
activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our
failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of the company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our discovery and preclinical development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in
the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. We are a clinical-stage company with no approved products and
no historical product revenue. Consequently, we expect that our financial and operating results will vary significantly from period to period. We are a clinical-stage company that has incurred losses since its inception and expect to continue to incur substantial losses in the
foreseeable future. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of uncertainty. We expect our actual financial condition and operating results to fluctuate significantly from
quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Factors relating to our business that may contribute to these fl