Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described
below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks is realized, our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to our Business and Strategy We have incurred losses since inception, and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future. We have a limited operating history and have incurred significant losses in each fiscal year since our inception, including net losses of $25.5 million, $29.5 million, $19.1 million and $13.8 million
during 2007, 2008, 2009 and the nine months ended September 30, 2010, respectively. As of September 30, 2010, we had an accumulated deficit of $196.2 million. These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in our research and
development programs and from our selling, general and administrative expenses. We expect to continue to incur operating and net losses and negative cash flow from operations, which may increase, for the foreseeable future due in part to anticipated
increases in expenses for research and product development and significant expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities. Additionally, following this offering, we expect that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase due to
the additional operational and reporting costs associated with being a public company. We anticipate that our business will generate operating losses until we successfully implement our commercial development strategy and generate significant
additional revenues to support our level of operating expenses. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our commercialization efforts and future product development, we are unable to predict when we will become profitable,
and we may never become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase our profitability. If
our products fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, our revenue will be adversely affected. Our success
depends, in part, on our ability to develop and market products that are recognized and accepted as reliable, enabling and cost effective. Most of our potential customers already use expensive research systems in their laboratories and may be
reluctant to replace those systems. Market acceptance of our systems will depend on many factors, including our ability to convince potential customers that our systems are an attractive alternative to existing technologies. Compared to most
competing technologies, our microfluidic technology is relatively new, and most potential customers have limited knowledge of, or experience with, our products. Prior to adopting our microfluidic systems, some potential customers may need to devote
time and effort to testing and validating our systems. Any failure of our systems to meet these customer benchmarks could result in customers choosing to retain their existing systems or to purchase systems other than ours. In addition, many customers intend to publish the results of their experiments in scientific and medical journals. Therefore, it is
important that our systems be perceived as accurate and reliable by the scientific and medical research community as a whole. Many factors influence the perception of a system including its use by leading research groups and the publication of their
results in well regarded journals. Historically, a significant part of our sales and marketing efforts have been directed at convincing industry leaders of the advantages of our systems and encouraging such leaders to publish or present the results
of their evaluation of our system. If we are unable to continue to induce leading researchers to use our systems or if such researchers are unable to achieve and publish or present significant experimental results using our systems, acceptance and
adoption of our systems will be slowed. 10 Table of Contents Our financial results may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter due to a number of factors, which
may lead to volatility in our stock price. Our quarterly revenue and results of operations have varied in the past and may
continue to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter. This variability may lead to volatility in our stock price as research analysts and investors respond to these quarterly fluctuations. These fluctuations are due to numerous factors, including:
fluctuations in demand for our products; changes in customer budget cycles and capital spending; seasonal variations in customer operations; tendencies among some customers to defer purchase decisions to the end of the quarter; the large unit value
of our systems; changes in our pricing and sales policies or the pricing and sales policies of our competitors; our ability to design, manufacture and deliver products to our customers in a timely and cost-effective manner; quality control or yield
problems in our manufacturing operations; our ability to timely obtain adequate quantities of the components used in our products; new product introductions and enhancements by us and our competitors; unanticipated increases in costs or expenses;
and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. For example, in 2008 and 2009, we experienced higher sales in the fourth quarter than in the first quarter of the next fiscal year as a result of one or more of the factors described above. The
foregoing factors are difficult to forecast, and these, as well as other factors, could materially and adversely affect our quarterly and annual results of operations. In addition, a significant amount of our operating expenses are relatively fixed
due to our manufacturing, research and development, and sales and general administrative efforts. Any failure to adjust spending quickly enough to compensate for a revenue shortfall could magnify the adverse impact of such revenue shortfall on our
results of operations. Our results of operations may not meet the expectations of research analysts or investors, in which case the price of our common stock could decrease significantly. Our future success is dependent upon our ability to expand our customer base and introduce new applications. Our customer base is primarily composed of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and Ag-Bio companies, academic institutions and life science laboratories that perform analyses for research and commercial
purposes. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to increase our market share among these customers, attract additional customers outside of these markets and market new applications to existing and new customers as we develop such
applications. Attracting new customers and introducing new applications requires substantial time and expense. For example, it may be difficult to identify, engage and market to customers who are unfamiliar with the current applications of our
systems. In addition, certain new applications that we are considering developing are not commonly performed with conventional techniques and therefore may require additional sales efforts to create customer awareness of the utility of these
applications. Any failure to expand our existing customer base or launch new applications would adversely affect our ability to increase our revenues. The life science research and Ag-Bio markets are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and we may not be able to successfully compete. The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changes in customer needs,
emerging competition, new product introductions and strong price competition. We compete with both established and development stage life science research and Ag-Bio companies that design, manufacture and market instruments for gene expression
analysis, genotyping, PCR, other nucleic acid detection and additional applications using well established laboratory techniques, as well as newer technologies such as bead encoded arrays, microfluidics, nanotechnology, high-throughput DNA
sequencing and inkjet and photolithographic arrays. Most of our current competitors have significantly greater name recognition, greater financial and human resources, broader product lines and product packages, larger sales forces, larger existing
installed bases, larger intellectual property portfolios and greater experience and scale in research and development, manufacturing and marketing than we do. For example, companies such as Affymetrix, Inc., Agilent Technologies, Inc., Caliper Life
Sciences, Inc., Illumina, Inc., Life Technologies Corporation, Luminex Corporation, Roche Applied Science, NanoString Technologies, Inc., RainDance Technologies, Inc., Sequenom, Inc. and WaferGen Biosystems, Inc. have products that compete in
certain segments of the market in which we sell our products, including gene expression analysis, genotyping and sequencing. In addition, a number of other companies and academic groups are in the process of developing novel technologies for life
science markets. 11 Table of Contents Competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or
changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. In light of these advantages, even if our technology is more effective than the product or service offerings of our competitors, current or potential customers might accept
competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our technology. We anticipate that we will face increased competition in the future as existing companies and competit