is not intended to be a comprehensive summary of all of the risks of the Company’s investments or
all of risks inherent in investing in the Company. Interest Rate Risk The nature of the Company’s business exposes it to market risk arising from changes in interest rates. Changes, both increases and decreases,
in the rates the Company is able to charge its borrowers, the yields the Company is able to achieve in its securities investments, and the Company’s cost of borrowing directly impacts its net income. The Company’s interest income stream
from loans and securities is generally fixed over the life of its assets, whereas it uses floating-rate debt to finance a significant portion of its investments. Another component of interest rate risk is the effect changes in interest rates will
have on the market value of the assets the Company acquires. The Company faces the risk that the market value of its assets will increase or decrease at different rates than that of its liabilities, including its hedging instruments. The Company
mitigates interest rate risk through utilization of hedging instruments, primarily interest rate swap and futures agreements. Interest rate swap and futures agreements are utilized to hedge against future interest rate increases on the
Company’s borrowings and potential adverse changes in the value of certain assets that result from interest rate changes. The Company generally seeks to hedge assets that have a duration longer than two years, including newly originated conduit
first mortgage loans, securities in the Company’s CMBS portfolio if long enough in duration, and most of its U.S. Agency Securities portfolio. Market Value Risk The Company’s securities investments are reflected at their estimated
fair value. The change in estimated fair value of securities available-for-sale is reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income. The change in estimated fair value of Agency interest-only securities is recorded in current period earnings. The
estimated fair value of these securities fluctuates primarily due to changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, in a rising interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of these securities would be expected to decrease;
conversely, in a decreasing interest rate environment, the estimated fair value of these securities would be expected to increase. As market volatility increases or liquidity decreases, the market value of the Company’s assets may be adversely
impacted. The Company’s fixed rate mortgage loan portfolio is subject to the same risks. However, to the extent those loans are classified as held for sale, they are reflected at the lower of cost or market. Otherwise, held for investment
mortgage loans are reflected at values equal to the unpaid principal balances net of certain fees, costs and loan loss allowances. Liquidity Risk Market
disruptions may lead to a significant decline in transaction activity in all or a significant portion of the asset classes in which the Company invests, and may at the same time lead to a significant contraction in short term and long term debt and
equity funding sources. A decline in liquidity of real estate and real estate-related investments, as well as a lack of availability of observable transaction data and inputs, may make it more difficult to sell the Company’s investments or
determine their fair values. As a result, the Company may be unable F-46 Table of Contents LADDER CAPITAL FINANCE HOLDINGS LLLP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2012, 2011 AND 2010 to sell its investments, or only able to sell its investments at a price that may be materially different from the fair values presented. Also, in such conditions, there is no guarantee that the
Company’s borrowing arrangements or other arrangements for obtaining leverage will continue to be available, or if available, will be available on terms and conditions acceptable to the Company. In addition, a decline in market value of the
Company’s assets may have particular adverse consequences in instances where it borrowed money based on the fair value of its assets. A decrease in the market value of the Company’s assets may result in the lender requiring it to post
additional collateral or otherwise sell assets at a time when it may not be in the Company’s best interest to do so. Finally, the Company’s captive insurance company subsidiary is subject to state regulations which require that dividends
may only be made with regulatory approval. Credit Risk The Company is subject to varying degrees of credit risk in connection with its investments. The Company seeks to manage credit risk by performing deep credit fundamental analysis of potential assets and through
ongoing asset management. The Company’s investment guidelines do not limit the amount of its equity that may be invested in any type of its assets, however, investments greater than a certain size are subject to review of the Risk and
Underwriting Committee of the Board of Directors. Credit Spread Risk Credit spread risk is the risk that interest rate spreads between two different financial instruments will change. In general, fixed-rate commercial
mortgages and CMBS are priced based on a spread to Treasury swaps. The Company generally benefits if credit spreads narrow during the time that it holds a portfolio of mortgage loans or CMBS investments, and the Company may experience losses if
credit spreads widen during the time that it holds a portfolio of mortgage loans or CMBS investments. The Company actively monitors its exposure to changes in credit spreads and The Company may enter into credit total return swaps or take positions
in other credit related derivative instruments to moderate its exposure against losses associated with a widening of credit spreads. Risks Related to Real Estate Real estate and real estate-related assets are subject to volatility and may be affected adversely by a number of factors, including, but not
limited to, national, regional and local economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns and other factors); local real estate conditions; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality,
age and design; demographic factors; and retroactive changes to building or similar codes. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans,
which could also cause the Company to suffer losses. Covenant Risk In the normal course of business, the Company enters into loan agreements with certain lenders to finance its real estate investment transactions.
These loan agreements contain, F-47 Table of Contents LADDER CAPITAL FINANCE HOLDINGS LLLP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2012, 2011 AND 2010 among other conditions, events of default and various covenants and representations. If such events are not cured by the Company or waived by the lenders, the lenders may decide to curtail or
limit extension of credit, and the Company may be forced to repay its loans. For the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011 and 2010, the Company believes it was in compliance with all covenants. Diversification Risk The
assets of the Company are concentrated in the real estate sector. Accordingly, the investment portfolio of the Company may be subject to more rapid change in value than would be the case if the Company were to maintain a wide diversification among
investments or industry sectors. Furthermore, even within the real estate sector, the investment portfolio may be relatively concentrated in terms of geography and type of real estate investment. This lack of diversification may subject the
investments of the Company to more rapid change in value than would be the case if the assets of the Company were more widely diversified. Concentrations of Market Risk Concentrations of market risk may exist with respect to the
Company’s investments. Market risk is a potential loss the Company may incur as a result of changes in the fair values of its investments. The Company may also be subject to risk associated with concentrations of investments in geographic
regions and industries. Regulatory Risk The Company established a broker-dealer subsidiary, Ladder Capital Securities LLC (“LCS”), which was initially licensed and capitalized to do business in July 2010. LCS is required to be compliant with
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) requirements on an ongoing basis and is subject to multiple operating and reporting requirements that all broker-dealer entities
are subject to. This governance is an increased level of compliance to operate within the broker-dealer requirements. In addition, Tuebor is subject to state regulation as a captive insurance company. If LCS or Tuebor fail to comply with regulatory
requirements, they could be subject to loss of their licenses and registration and/or economic penalties. 14.     SEGMENT
REPORTING The Company has determined that it has three reportable segments based on how management reviews and manages its business.
These reportable segments include Loans, Securities and Real Estate. The Loans segment includes mortgage loan receivables held for investment (balance sheet loans) and mortgage loan receivables held for sale (conduit loans). The Securities segment
includes all of the Company’s activities related to real estate securities, which include CMBS and U.S. Agency securities. The Real Estate segment includes selected net leased and other commercial real estate assets. Corporate/Other includes
our investments in joint ventures, other asset management activities and operating expenses. F-48 Table of Contents LADDER CAPITAL FINANCE HOLDINGS LLLP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) DECEMBER 31, 2012, 2011 AND 2010 The Company evaluates pe