—Risks Related to Our Business—Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by
reducing the volume and value of the transactions involving our Financial Advisory business and reducing the value or performance of the assets we manage in our Asset Management business which, in each case, could materially reduce our revenue or
income.” Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Management’s discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and
results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, compensation liabilities,
income taxes, investing activities and goodwill. We base these estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe that the critical accounting policies set forth below comprise the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. Revenue Recognition We generate substantially all of our net revenue from providing financial advisory,
asset management and capital markets services to clients. We recognize revenue when the following criteria are met: Ÿ there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement with a client, Ÿ we have provided the agreed-upon services, Ÿ fees are fixed or determinable, and Ÿ collection is probable. Our clients generally enter into agreements with us that vary in duration depending on the nature of the service provided. We typically bill clients for the full
amounts due under the applicable agreements on or after the dates on which the specified service has been provided. Generally, payments are due within 60 days of billing. We assess whether collection is probable based on a number of factors,
including past transaction history with the client and an assessment of the client’s current creditworthiness. If, in our judgment, collection of a fee is not probable, we will not recognize revenue until the uncertainty is removed. In rare
cases, an allowance for doubtful collection may be established, for example, if a fee is in dispute or litigation has commenced. 121 Table of Contents Income Taxes As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each of the
jurisdictions in which we operate. This process requires us to estimate our actual current tax liability and to assess temporary differences resulting from differing book versus tax treatment of items, such as deferred revenue, compensation and
benefits expense, unrealized gains on long-term investments and depreciation. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated statements of financial condition. We must then
assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we must establish a valuation allowance. Significant management judgment is required in
determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Lazard Group has recorded a gross deferred tax assets of $60 million and $88 million as of
December 31, 2003 and 2004, respectively, which are fully offset by a valuation allowance due to uncertainties related to its ability to utilize such deferred tax assets, which principally consist of certain foreign net operating loss carryforwards,
before they expire. Our determination of the need for a valuation allowance is based on our estimates of future taxable income by jurisdiction, and the period over which our corresponding deferred tax assets will be recoverable. If actual results
differ from these estimates or we adjust these estimates in future periods, we may need to adjust our valuation allowance, which could materially impact our consolidated financial position and results of operations. In addition, in order to determine our quarterly tax rate we are required to estimate
full year pre-tax income and the related annual income tax expense in each jurisdiction. Tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period of time to resolve. Changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual
pre-tax income can affect our overall effective tax rate. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net
deferred tax assets. Furthermore, our interpretation of complex tax laws may impact our measurement of current and deferred income taxes. Valuation of Investments “Marketable investments” and “long-term investments” consist principally of investments in exchange traded funds, merchant banking and
alternative investment funds, and other privately managed investments. Gains and losses on marketable investments and long-term investments, which arise from changes in the fair value of the investments, are not predictable and can cause periodic
fluctuations in net income allocable to members. In determining fair
value, we separate our investments into two categories. The first category consists of those investments that are publicly-traded, which, as of December 31, 2004, were approximately 49% of our marketable investments and long-term investments. For
these investments, we determine value by quoted market prices. The second category consists of those that are not publicly-traded. For these investments, we determine value based upon our best estimate of fair value. As of December 31, 2004, this
second category of investments comprises the remaining 51% of our marketable investments and long-term investments. The fair value of those investments that are not publicly traded is based upon an analysis of the investee’s financial results, condition, cash flows and
prospects. Adjustments to the carrying value of such investments are made if there are third-party transactions evidencing a change in value. Adjustments also are made, in the absence of third-party transactions, if we determine that the expected
realizable value of the investment differs from its carrying value. In reaching that determination, we consider many factors, including, but not limited to, the operating cash flows and 122 Table of Contents financial performance of the investee, expected exit timing and strategy, and any specific rights or terms associated with the investment, such as conversion features
and liquidation preferences. Partnership interests, including general partnership and limited partnership interests in real estate funds, are recorded at fair value based on changes in the fair value of the partnerships’ underlying net assets. Because of the inherent uncertainty in the valuation of investments that
are not readily marketable, estimated values may differ significantly from the values that would have been reported had a ready market for such investments existed. We seek to maintain the necessary resources, with the appropriate experience and
training, to ensure that control and independent price verification functions are adequately performed. Goodwill In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more
frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. In this process, we make estimates and assumptions in order to determine the fair value of our assets and liabilities and to project future earnings using valuation techniques,
including a discounted cash flow model. We use our best judgment and information available to us at the time to perform this review. Because our assumptions and estimates are used in projecting future earnings as part of the valuation, actual
results could differ. Consolidation of VIEs The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lazard Group and all
other entities in which we are the primary beneficiary or control. Lazard Group determines whether it has a controlling financial interest in an entity by first evaluating whether the entity is a voting interest entity or a variable interest entity
(“VIE”) under U.S. GAAP. Ÿ Voting Interest Entities. Voting interest entities are entities in which (i) the total equity investment at risk is sufficient to enable the entity to finance
itself independently and (ii) the equity holders have the obligation to absorb losses, the right to receive residual returns and the right to make decisions about the entity’s activities. Voting interest entities are consolidated in accordance
with Accounting Research Bulletin (“ARB”) No. 51, “Consolidated Financial Statements,” as amended. ARB No. 51 states that the usual condition for a controlling financial interest in an entity is ownership of a majority voting
interest. Accordingly, Lazard Group consolidates voting interest entities in which it has the majority of the voting interest. Ÿ Variable Interest Entities. VIEs are entities that lack one or more of the characteristics of a voting interest entity. A controlling financial interest in a VIE
is present when an enterprise has a variable interest, or a combination of variable interests, that will absorb a majority of the VIE’s expected losses, receive a majority