—Risks Related to this
Offering and Our Class A Common Stock.” For additional information regarding the Tax Receivable Agreements, see “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Tax Receivable Agreements.” Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk The demand, pricing and terms for hydraulic fracturing services provided by us are largely dependent upon the level of drilling activity in the
U.S. oil and natural gas industry. These activity levels are influenced by numerous factors over which we have no control, including, but not limited to: the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; the level of prices, and expectations about
future prices of oil and natural gas; the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; the expected rates of declining current production; the discovery rates of new oil and natural gas reserves; available rail
and other transportation capacity; weather conditions; domestic and worldwide economic conditions; political instability in oil-producing 66 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements countries; environmental regulations; technical advances affecting energy consumption; the price and availability of alternative fuels; the ability of E&P companies to raise equity capital
and debt financing; and merger and divestiture activity among E&P companies. The level of U.S. oil and natural gas drilling is
volatile. Expected trends in oil and natural gas production activities may not materialize and demand for our services may not reflect the level of activity in the industry. Any prolonged and substantial reduction in oil and natural gas prices would
likely affect oil and natural gas production levels and therefore affect demand for our services. A material decline in oil and natural gas prices or U.S. activity levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Interest Rate Risk At September 30, 2016, we had $108.0 million of debt outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of 5.17%. Interest is
calculated under the terms of our credit agreement based on our selection, from time to time, of one of the index rates available to us plus an applicable margin that varies based on certain factors. See “—Debt Agreement.” Assuming no
change in the amount outstanding, the impact on interest expense of a 1% increase or decrease in the weighted average interest rate would be approximately $1.1 million per year. We do not currently have or intend to enter into any derivative
arrangements to protect against fluctuations in interest rates applicable to our outstanding indebtedness. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements requires the use of judgments and estimates. Our critical accounting policies are described
below to provide a better understanding of how we develop our assumptions and judgments about future events and related estimates and how they can impact our financial statements. A critical accounting estimate is one that requires our most
difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments and is fundamental to our results of operations. We base our estimates on
historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable according to the current facts and circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that
are not readily apparent from other sources. We believe the following are the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our combined financial statements, as well as the significant estimates and judgments affecting the application of
these policies. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our combined financial statements and related notes included in this report. Revenue Recognition: Revenue from hydraulic fracturing services is recognized as specific services are provided in accordance with
contractual arrangements. If our assessment of performance under a particular contract changes, our revenue and / or costs under that contract may change. Account Receivable: We analyze the need for an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses related to potentially
uncollectible accounts receivable on a case-by-case basis throughout the year. We reserve amounts based on specific identification after considering each customer’s
situation, including payment patterns and current financial condition. It is reasonably possible that our estimates of the allowance for doubtful accounts will change and that losses ultimately incurred could differ materially from the amounts
estimated in determining the allowance. Inventory: Inventory consists of raw materials used in the hydraulic fracturing process,
such as chemicals, proppants, and field service equipment maintenance parts, and is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, determined using the weighted average cost method. Net realizable value is determined based on our estimates of
selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable cost of completion, disposal, and transportation, each of which require us to apply judgment. 67 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Property and Equipment: We calculate depreciation and amortization on our assets based on
the estimated useful lives and estimated salvage values that we believe are reasonable. Those estimates may change due to a number of factors such as changes in operating conditions or advances in technology. We incur maintenance costs on our major equipment. The determination of whether an expenditure should be capitalized or expensed requires
management judgment in the application of how the costs benefit future periods, relative to our capitalization policy. Costs that either establish or increase the efficiency, productivity, functionality or life of a fixed asset are capitalized
and depreciated over the remaining useful life of the asset. Impairment of long-lived and other intangible assets: Long-lived
assets, such as property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is assessed using
undiscounted future net cash flows of assets grouped at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. When alternative courses of action to recover the carrying amount of the
asset group are under consideration, estimates of future undiscounted cash flows take into account possible outcomes and probabilities of their occurrence, which require us to apply judgment. If the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable
based on its estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount by which its carrying amount exceeds its estimated fair value. The inputs used to determine such
fair value are primarily based upon internally developed cash flow models. Our cash flow models are based on a number of estimates regarding future operations that are subject to change. Unit-based awards: Unit-based awards have been granted with a benchmark value equal to or greater than the fair market value of the
award as of the date of grant. We account for unit-based awards by measuring the awards at the grant date and recognizing the grant-date fair value, if any, as an expense over the requisite service period. Since we are not publicly traded we do not
have a listed price with which to calculate fair value. We have historically and consistently calculated fair value using a combination of an income approach (discounted cash flow method) and market approach (guideline public company method and
merger and acquisition method). Each of these valuation approaches involves significant judgments and estimates, including estimates regarding our future operations or the determination of a comparable public company peer group. Additionally,
judgment is applied in the weighting of each valuation approach. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 15, “Recently Issued Accounting Standards” to our unaudited combined financial statements as of September 30, 2016 and
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and our audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, included elsewhere in this prospectus, for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. Under the JOBS Act, we expect that we will meet the definition of an “emerging growth company,” which would allow us to have an
extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act. Internal Controls and
Procedures We are not currently required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 404 of Sarbanes Oxley, and are
therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing
Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which will require our management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. We will not be required to make our first assessment of 68 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 until our first annual report subsequent to our ceasing to be an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act. Further, our independent registered public accounting firm is not yet required to formally attest
to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial rep