Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related
notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could
be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry As a
rapidly growing company with a relatively limited operating history at our current scale, we face increased risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties. We have a limited operating history at our current scale, and we have encountered and will continue to encounter risks, uncertainties, expenses
and difficulties, including: • navigating complex and evolving regulatory and competitive environments; • increasing the number of borrowers and investors utilizing our platform; • increasing the volume of loans facilitated through our platform and transaction fees received for matching borrowers and investors through our platform; • entering into new markets and introducing new loan products; • continuing to revise our platform’s proprietary credit decisioning and scoring models; • continuing to develop, maintain and scale our platform; • effectively using limited personnel and technology resources; • effectively maintaining and scaling our financial and risk management controls and procedures; • maintaining the security of our platform and the confidentiality of the information provided and utilized across our platform; and • attracting, integrating and retaining an appropriate number of qualified employees. If we are
not able to timely and effectively address these requirements, our business and results of operations may be harmed. We have incurred net losses in
the past and may incur net losses in the future. As of June 30, 2014, our accumulated deficit was $66.8 million. We
anticipate that our operating expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we seek to continue to grow our business, attract borrowers, investors and partners and further enhance and develop our loan products and platform. These efforts may
prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in increasing our revenue sufficiently to offset these higher expenses. We may incur additional net losses in the future and may not maintain profitability on a quarterly or
annual basis. If we are unable to maintain or increase loan originations facilitated through our marketplace or if existing borrowers or investors
do not continue to participate on our marketplace, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. We have
experienced rapid revenue and origination growth through our platform in recent periods, with loan originations through our marketplace more than doubling each year from 2008 through 2013 and with originations totaling $2.1 billion for the year
ended December 31, 2013 and $1.8 billion for the six months ended June 30, 2014. To continue to grow our business, we must continue to increase loan originations through our 12 Table of Contents marketplace by attracting a large number of new borrowers who meet our platform’s lending standards and new and existing investors interested in investing in these loans. We have experienced
a high number of inquiries from potential borrowers who do not meet the criteria for loan application approval. If there are not sufficient qualified loan requests, investors may be unable to deploy their capital in a timely or efficient manner and
may seek other investment opportunities. If there are not sufficient investor commitments, borrowers may be unable to obtain investment capital for their loans and stop using our marketplace for their borrowing needs. Additionally, existing
borrowers and investors must also continue to participate in our marketplace. Further, although we have a wide variety of types of investors, a relatively small number of investors account for a large dollar amount of investment in loans funded
through our platform. The degree of overall transaction volume may be affected by several factors, including the interest rates offered to borrowers and investors relative to market rates, the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of our platform, the
macroeconomic environment and other factors, or by a large number of investors ceasing at the same time to use our platform over a short period of time. If we are unable to attract qualified borrowers and sufficient investor commitments or borrowers
and investors do not continue to participate in our marketplace at the current rates, we will be unable to increase our loan originations and our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline. If we are unable to maintain a relationship with an issuing bank, our business will suffer. We rely on issuing banks to originate all loans and to comply with various federal, state and other laws. For loans originated through our
marketplace, our issuing bank is WebBank, a Utah-chartered industrial bank that handles a variety of consumer and commercial financing programs. In addition, Springstone Financial, LLC (Springstone), which we acquired in April 2014, relies on NBT
Bank and Comenity Bank as issuing banks for its education and patient finance loans. Our agreements with WebBank are non-exclusive and do
not prohibit WebBank from working with our competitors or from offering competing services. Our current agreements with WebBank have initial terms ending in November 2018, with the possibility of two, one-year renewal terms, subject to certain early
termination provisions as set forth in the agreements. WebBank currently offers loan programs through another online marketplace. WebBank could decide that working with us is not in its interest, could make working with it cost prohibitive or could
decide to enter into exclusive or more favorable relationships with our competitors. In addition, WebBank may not perform as expected under our agreements. We could in the future have disagreements or disputes with WebBank, which could negatively
impact or threaten our relationship. If WebBank were to suspend or cease its operations or our relationship with WebBank were to
otherwise terminate, we would need to implement a substantially similar arrangement with another issuing bank, obtain additional state licenses or curtail our operations. Although we currently have a non-exclusive arrangement with Cross River Bank,
another issuing bank, to date Cross River Bank has not originated any loans through our platform. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements with a different issuing bank to replace our existing arrangements, we may not be able to negotiate a
comparable alternative arrangement. Transitioning loan originations to a new issuing bank is untested and may result in delays in the issuance of loans or, if our platform becomes inoperable, may result in our inability to facilitate loans through
our platform. If we were unable to enter in an alternative arrangement with a different issuing bank, we would need to obtain a state license in each state in which we operate in order to enable us to originate loans, as well as comply with other
state and federal laws, which would be costly and time-consuming. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining our relationships with WebBank or other issuing banks, our ability to provide loan products could be materially impaired and our operating
results would suffer. Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Our quarterly results of operations, including the levels of our operating revenue, expenses, contribution margin and other key
metrics, may vary significantly in the future and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results for any one quarter are not necessarily an 13 Table of Contents indication of future performance. Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control and, as a result, may not fully reflect the
underlying performance of our business. Fluctuation in quarterly results may adversely affect the price of our common stock. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly financial results include: • our ability to attract new investors or borrowers and maintain relationships with existing borrowers and investors; • loan volumes, loan grades, loan mix and the channels through which the loans and corresponding investors are sourced; • the amount and timing of operating expenses related to acquiring borrowers and investors and the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; • network outages or security breaches; • general economic, industry and market conditions; • our emphasis on borrower and investor experience instead of near-term growth; and • the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill from acquired technologies or businesses. In addition, we experience some seasonality in demand for personal loans, which is generally lower in the first and fourth quarters. While our
growth has somewhat masked this seasonality, our operating results could be affected by such seasonality in the future. If we do not compete
effectively in our target markets, our operating results could be harmed. The personal and small business lending market is
competitive and evolving. We compete wi