An investment in our Class A Common Stock involves risk. You should carefully consider the following risks as well as the other
information included in this prospectus, including “Selected Financial Data,” “Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and the financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this prospectus, before investing in our Class A Common Stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. However, the selected risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial may also materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In such a case, the trading price of the Class A Common Stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our company. Risks Related to Our Business The COVID-19 pandemic poses unique challenges to our business and the effects of the pandemic could adversely impact our ability to originate mortgages, our servicing operations, our liquidity and our employees. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a significant impact on the national
economy and the communities in which we operate. While the full extent of the pandemic’s effect on the macroeconomic environment has yet to be fully determined and could continue for months or years, we expect that the pandemic and governmental
programs created as a response to the pandemic, will continue to affect certain aspects of our business, including the origination of mortgages, our servicing operations, our liquidity and our employees. Although the impact of COVID-19 on our business has been immaterial so far, such effects, if they continue for a prolonged period, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operation. Our origination of mortgages business was immaterially impacted at the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic. However, future growth is uncertain. If the COVID-19 pandemic leads to a prolonged economic downturn with sustained high unemployment rates, we anticipate that the number of real estate transactions
will decrease. Any such slowdown may materially impact the number and volume of mortgages we originate. Our liquidity may be adversely
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. We fund substantially all of the mortgage loans we close through borrowings under our loan funding facilities. Given the broad impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the financial markets, our future ability to borrow money to fund our current and future loan production is unknown. Our mortgage origination liquidity could also be affected as our
lenders reassess their exposure to the mortgage origination industry and either curtail access to uncommitted Warehouse Lines capacity or impose higher costs to access such capacity. Our liquidity may be further constrained as there may be less
demand by investors to acquire our mortgage loans in the secondary market. Even if such demand exists, we face a substantially higher repurchase risk as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic stemming from our
clients’ inability to repay the underlying loans. It is possible that the COVID-19 pandemic
may affect the productivity of our employees. As a result of the pandemic, in March 2020, we transitioned to a remote working environment for the substantial majority of our employees. While our employees have transitioned effectively to working
from home, over time such remote operations may decrease the cohesiveness of our employees and our ability to maintain our culture, both of which are integral to our success. Additionally, a remote working environment may impede our ability to
undertake new business projects, to foster a creative environment, to hire new employees and to retain existing employees. To the extent
the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, operations, financial condition and operating results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk
factors” section, such as those relating to our high level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness, and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our
indebtedness. 27 Table of Contents The executive, legislative and regulatory reaction to COVID-19, including the passage of the CARES Act, poses new and quickly evolving compliance obligations on our business, and we may experience unfavorable changes in, or failure to comply with, existing or
future regulations and laws adopted in response to COVID-19. Due to the unprecedented
pause of major sectors of the U.S. economy from COVID-19, numerous states and the federal government adopted measures requiring mortgage servicers to work with consumers negatively impacted by COVID-19. The CARES Act imposes several new compliance obligations on our mortgage servicing activities, including, but not limited to mandatory forbearance offerings, altered credit reporting obligations, and
moratoriums on foreclosure actions and late fee assessments. Many states have taken similar measures to provide mortgage payment and other relief to consumers. Nevertheless, servicers of mortgage loans are contractually bound to advance monthly
payments to investors, insurers and taxing authorities regardless of whether the borrower actually makes those payments. We expect that such payments may continue to increase throughout the duration of the pandemic. While Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
recently issued guidance limiting the number of payments a servicer must advance in the case of a forbearance, we expect that a borrower who has experienced a loss of employment or a reduction of income will not repay the forborne payments at the
end of the forbearance period. Additionally, we are prohibited from collecting certain servicing related fees, such as late fees, and initiating foreclosure proceedings. Accordingly, there is no assurance that we will be successful in continuing to
make contractual advances to investors and others in the coming months and we will ultimately have to replace such funds to make payments in respect of such prepayments and mortgage payoffs. As a result, we may have to use cash on hand, including
borrowings under our Secured Credit Facilities, our Variable Funding Note (“GMSR VFN”), and our variable funding note facility (the “Advance Receivables Trust”) to make the payments required under our servicing operation. With the urgency to help consumers, the expedient passage of the CARES Act increases the likelihood of unintended consequences from the
legislation. An example of such unintended consequences is the liquidity pressure placed on mortgage servicers given our contractual obligation to continue to advance payments to investors on loans in forbearance where consumers are not making their
typical monthly mortgage payments. Moreover, certain provisions of the CARES Act are subject to interpretation given the existing ambiguities in the legislation, which creates class action and other litigation risk. Although much of the executive, legislative and regulatory actions stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic
that affect our business are servicing-centric, regulators are also adjusting compliance obligations impacting our mortgage origination activities. Many states have adopted temporary measures allowing for otherwise prohibited remote mortgage loan
origination activities. While these temporary measures allow us to continue to do business remotely, they impose notice, procedural, and other compliance obligations on our origination activity. Federal, state, and local executive, legislative and regulatory responses to the COVID-19 pandemic are
rapidly evolving, not consistent in scope or application, and subject to change without advance notice. Such efforts may impose additional compliance obligations, which may negatively impact our mortgage origination and servicing business. Any
additional legal or regulatory responses to the COVID-19 pandemic may unfavorably restrict our business operations, alter our established business practices, and otherwise raise our compliance costs. We have experienced rapid growth, which may be difficult to sustain and which may place significant demands on our operational, administrative and
financial resources. Our substantial growth in loan production and the servicing portfolio has caused, and if it continues will
continue to cause, significant demands on our operational, legal, and accounting infrastructure, and will result in increased expenses. In addition, we are required to continuously develop our systems and infrastructure in response to the increasing
sophistication of the lending markets and legal, accounting and regulatory developments relating to all of our existing and projected business activities. Our future growth will depend, among other things, on our ability to maintain an operating
platform and management system sufficient to 28 Table of Contents address our growth and will require us to incur significant additional expenses and to commit additional senior management and operational resources. As a result, we face significant challenges
in: • securing funding to maintain our operations and future growth; • maintaining and improving our loan retention and recapture rates; • maintaining and scaling adequate financial, business and risk controls; • implementing new or updated information and financial systems and procedures; • training, managing and appropriately sizing our work force and other components of our business on a timely and
cost-effective basis; • navigating complex and evolving regulatory and competitive environments; • increasing and maintaining the number of borrowers utilizing our products and ser