Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our company, as more fully described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our company risky include, among others: • We are a late-stage biopharmaceutical company with limited operating history. We have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations since our formation, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses as we seek approval and begin commercialization. We have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. • Our business depends entirely on the development and commercialization of LNZ100, and we do not have additional product candidates in our current development pipeline. If we are unable to successfully complete our clinical development program for LNZ100 and obtain the marketing approvals necessary to commercialize LNZ100, or experience significant delays in doing so, or if after obtaining marketing approvals, we fail to commercialize LNZ100, our business will be materially harmed. We currently generate no revenues from sales of any products and may never generate revenue or be profitable. • Clinical trials are expensive, time-consuming, difficult to design and implement and involve an uncertain outcome. The outcome of preclinical testing and earlier clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials. The results of our clinical trials may not satisfy the requirements of the FDA, European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of such product candidate. • Even if LNZ100 or any other product candidate receives marketing approval, they may fail to achieve market acceptance by eye care professionals (“ECPs”) and patients, and the market opportunity for these products, if approved, may be smaller than we estimate. • If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. • If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our technology and products and product candidates we may develop, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors or other third parties could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully develop and, if approved, commercialize our product candidates may be adversely affected. • We face significant competition, and if our competitors develop and market technologies or products more rapidly than we do or that are more effective, safer or less expensive than the product candidates we develop, our commercial opportunities will be negatively impacted. Our product candidates may, if approved, also face competition from existing branded, generic and off-label products. 6 • We contract with third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for our ongoing clinical trials, and expect to continue to do so for additional clinical trials and ultimately for commercialization. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or drugs or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. • We have relied, and expect to continue to rely on third parties, including independent clinical investigators and CROs, to conduct, supervise and monitor certain aspects of our clinical trials and any future preclinical studies. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with applicable regulatory requirements or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates, or such approval or commercialization may be delayed, and our business could be substantially harmed. • Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled executive officers and employees. • The market price of our common stock is expected to be volatile. Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Development and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates We are a late-stage biopharmaceutical company with limited operating history. We have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations since our formation, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur losses as we seek approval and begin commercialization. We have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and predict our future success and viability. We are a late-stage biopharmaceutical company with limited operating history. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing the company, raising capital, developing our product candidates and beginning to prepare for commercialization, including building our commercial strategy, supply chain and distribution network. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. In addition, as a new business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. If LNZ100 is approved by the FDA, we will need to further expand our commercialization infrastructure to successfully launch such product. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully obtain marketing approvals, complete arrangements for third parties to manufacture the commercial-scale product on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization, and we may not be successful in such a transition. We do not have any products approved for sale, we have not generated any revenue from the sale of products, we have incurred significant net losses since the company’s formation and have funded our operations primarily from the sale and issuance of redeemable convertible preferred stock, common stock, and the Merger. Our net losses were $10.8 million and $70.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively, and $26.9 million and $27.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. As of June 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of $122.1 million. Additionally, the net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indicator of our future performance. The size of our future net losses and our ability to potentially achieve profitability will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. We expect to continue incurring significant expenses and increasing operating losses as we seek approval and begin commercialization. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: • initiate additional clinical and other studies for our product candidates; • change or add additional manufacturers or suppliers, some of which may require additional permits or other governmental approvals; 7 • create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company and our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; • seek marketing approvals for our product candidates; • establish a sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; • seek to identify, acquire, and develop additional product candidates; • acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; • make milestone or other payments in connection with the development or approval of our product candidates, if any; • maintain, protect, and expand our intellectual property portfolio; and • experience any delays or encounter issues with any of the above. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital and ability to achieve and maintain profitability. Our business depends entirely on the development and commercialization of LNZ100, and we do not have additional product candidates in our current development pipeline. If we are unable to successfully complete our clinical development program for LNZ100 and obtain the marketing approvals necessary to commercialize LNZ100, or experience significant delays in doing so, or if after obtaining marketing approvals, we fail to commercialize LNZ100, our business will be materially harmed. We currently generate no revenues from sales of any products and may never generate revenue or be profitable. We have devoted a significant portion of our financial resources and business efforts to the development of LNZ100 and LNZ101, both of which include aceclidine as an active ingredient, for the treatment of presbyopia. Based on the results of our Phase 3 CLARITY trials, we selected LNZ100 as our lead product candidate, for which we submitted an NDA in August 2024. We do not currently have other product candidates in our development pipeline, and our success depends entirely on LNZ100. We have no products approved for commercial sale and do not anticipate generating any revenue unless LNZ100 receives the regulatory approval necessary for commercialization. Our ability to generate revenues from product sales will depend on us obtaining marketing approval for and commercializing LNZ100, and we cannot accurately predict when or if LNZ100 will be determined by the FDA to be effective in humans 