at “ Additional ED or other
rulemaking could materially and adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows.” State
legislatures often consider legislation affecting regulation of postsecondary educational institutions. Our institutions are located
in California which has expansive laws and regulations impacting for-profit schools like our institutions. Enactment of this legislation
and ensuing regulations, or changes in interpretation of existing regulations, may impose substantial costs on our institutions and require
them to modify their operations in order to comply with the new regulations. - 12 - If
we are unable to comply with applicable past, current or future state education, consumer protection, licensing, authorization
or other requirements, or determine that we are unable to cost effectively comply with new or revised requirements, we could be
subject to loss of state authorization and to monetary fines or penalties or limitations on the manner in which we conduct our business,
or we could lose enrollments, eligibility to participate in the Title IV Programs and revenues, in any affected states, which could materially
affect our results of operations and our growth opportunities. If
one or more of our institutions fails to maintain institutional accreditation, or if certain of our programs cannot obtain or maintain
programmatic accreditation, our student enrollments would diminish and our business would suffer. Institutional
Accreditation. In the U.S., accrediting agencies are non-governmental entities that periodically review the academic quality
of an institution’s instructional programs and its administrative and financial operations to ensure the institution has the resources
to perform its educational mission. Accrediting agencies impose standards that extend to most aspects of an institution’s operations
and educational programs including, but not limited to, requirements to maintain threshold graduation and job placement rates
for its educational programs. ED requires an institution to be accredited by an ED-recognized accrediting agency in order for the institution
to participate in the Title IV Programs. HDMC and CCC are currently accredited by ACCET through April 2029 and April 2025, respectively.
Integrity is accredited by ABHES through February 2026. ACCET and ABHES are ED-recognized accrediting agencies. The failure to
comply with accreditation standards could subject an institution to additional oversight and reporting requirements, accreditation
proceedings such as a show-cause directive, an action to defer or deny action related to an institution’s application for a new
grant of accreditation, or an action to suspend or revoke an institution’s accreditation or a program’s approval.
If our institutions or programs are subject to negative accreditation actions or are placed on probationary accreditation status, we
may experience adverse publicity, impaired ability to attract and retain students, and substantial expense to obtain unqualified accreditation
status. The inability to obtain reaccreditation following periodic reviews or any final loss of institutional accreditation after exhaustion
of the administrative agency processes would result in a loss of Title IV Program funds and state authorization for the affected institution.
Such events and any related claims brought against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Programmatic
Accreditation. Many states and professional associations require professional programs to be accredited. While programmatic accreditation
is not a sufficient basis to qualify for institutional Title IV Program certification, programmatic accreditation may improve employment
opportunities for program graduates in their chosen field. Moreover, ED requires an institution to hold programmatic accreditation
for an educational program if required by a state or federal agency (including as a condition of employment in the occupation for which
the institutional program prepares the students). The veterinary technology program at CCC is accredited by the American Veterinary
Medical Association. Integrity’s Registered Nurse to Bachelor of Science in Nursing holds pre-accreditation candidacy status
from the Commission for Nursing Education Accreditation. Those of our programs that do not have such programmatic accreditation,
where available, or fail to maintain such accreditation, may experience adverse publicity, loss of access to Title IV funds, declining
enrollments, litigation or other claims from students or suffer other adverse impacts, which could result in it being impractical for
us to continue offering such programs. ED
Recognition of Accrediting Agencies. Our participation in Title IV Programs is dependent on ED continuing to recognize the accrediting
agencies that accredit our colleges and universities. Each of our institutions currently are accredited by an ED-recognized accrediting
agency. The standards and practices of these agencies have become a focus of attention by state attorneys general, members of Congress,
ED’s Office of Inspector General and ED over recent years, and
are the subject of upcoming rulemaking. ED held negotiated rulemaking sessions between January and March 2024, and the negotiators did
not reach consensus on proposed language. On July 17, 2024, ED announced that proposed rules related to cash management, state authorization
and accreditation will be published by next year. ED has indicated during negotiated rulemaking its intent to require accreditors to
take action against institutions more promptly when accreditors identify noncompliance and to modify accreditor review of substantive
changes and limit the time an institution can remain in noncompliance with accrediting agency standards, which could increase the amount
of enforcement activities by accrediting agencies against institutions like ours. ED also proposed expanding requirements related to
accrediting agencies’ conflict of interest policies and student achievement standards, for example. This
focus may make the accreditation review process longer and potentially more challenging for our institutions when they undergo their
normal accreditation review processes. It may also make the process by which ED evaluates and recognizes accreditors as appropriate Title
IV Program gatekeepers longer and more challenging for our accreditors. ED recognized accreditors are facing increased political pressure
as part of this recognition process to apply heightened levels of scrutiny or review and/or apply new requirements or standards to for-profit
institutions. These pressures may result in future modifications to accreditation criteria, practices or other policies and procedures,
with which our institutions may not be able to comply. If ED withdraws recognition from ACCET and/or ABHES, ED may continue our schools’
eligibility for a period of up to 18 months from the date of the withdrawal of recognition, and our schools could apply for accreditation
from other ED-recognized accrediting agencies. ED could impose provisional certification and other conditions and restrictions on our
schools during this period. If ACCET and/or ABHES lose recognition from ED and our schools are unable to obtain accreditation from a
different ED-recognized accrediting agency in the required time period, our schools could lose eligibility to participate in Title IV Programs. - 13 - Congress
may revise the laws governing the Title IV Programs or reduce funding for those programs which could reduce our enrollment and revenue
and increase costs of operations. The
U.S. Congress must periodically reauthorize the HEA and other laws governing the Title IV Programs and annually determine the
funding level for each Title IV Program, and may pass new laws or revise existing laws at any time. Political and budgetary concerns
significantly affect the Title IV Programs. We cannot predict when or whether Congress will consider or vote on legislation to reauthorize
the HEA or to create new laws or revise existing laws. Furthermore, we cannot predict with any certainty the outcome of the HEA
reauthorization process nor the extent to which any legislation that Congress could adopt at any time could materially affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, recent elections have increased the number and influence
of legislators and regulators who have been critical of the for-profit postsecondary education sector that includes our institutions,
which has led and could continue to lead to significant legislative changes in connection with amendments to the
HEA, annual appropriations, or other changes to laws, that have been and may continue to be adverse to our institutions
and other for-profit institutions. Moreover, current requirements for student or school participation in Title IV Programs may change
or one or more of the present Title IV Programs could be replaced by other programs with materially different student or school eligibility
requirements. For example, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (“ARPA”) was signed into law in March 2021 and included,
among other things, a provision that amended the 90/10 Rule (as defined herein) in the HEA. See “Risk Factors - Our institutions
could lose their eligibility to participate in federal student financial aid programs if the percentage of their revenues derived from
applicable federal student aid programs is too high.” If we cannot comply with the provisions of the HEA, as they may be enforced
or amended, or if the cost of such compliance is excessive, or if funding is materially reduced, our revenues or profit margin could
be materially adversely affected. Additional
ED or other rulemaking could materially and adversely affect our operations, business, results of operations, financial condition and
c