An investment in our securities is highly speculative and involves substantial risk. Please carefully consider the “Risk Factors” section on page 9 and other information in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider before deciding to invest in the Securities offered hereby. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business and operations. Lock-up agreements Our directors and officers have agreed with the
placement agent, subject to certain exceptions, not to offer for sale, issue, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any
of our Common Stock or securities convertible into common stock for a period of [●] days from the date of this prospectus without
the prior written consent of the placement agent. See “Plan of Distribution.” In addition, pursuant to the securities purchase agreements that we
will enter into with purchasers of Securities in connection with this offering, we will agree, subject to certain exceptions, not to (i)
offer for sale, issue, sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any of our Common Stock or securities convertible into Common
Stock for a period of [●] days from the closing date of this offering and (ii) effect or enter into an agreement to effect any issuance
by the Company of Common Stock or securities convertible into Common Stock for a period of (or a combination of units thereof) involving
a Variable Rate Transaction (as such term is defined in such securities purchase agreements) for a period of [●] months from the
closing date of this offering. 7 Transfer agent, warrant agent and registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock and the warrant agent for the Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants will be Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, with its business address at 50 West Liberty Street, Suite 880, Reno NV 89501 and its telephone number is (775) 322-5623. Nasdaq symbol and trading Our Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “LGMK”. There is no established trading market for the Units, Pre-Funded Units, Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants, and we do not expect a trading market for any such securities to develop. We do not intend to list such securities on any securities exchange or other trading market. Without a trading market, the liquidity of such securities will be extremely limited. (1) Shares of Common Stock that will be outstanding after this offering is based on 2,528,684 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of January 2, 2025, and excludes the following as of such date: (i) the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,599,270 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of approximately $626.23 per share, (ii) the exercise of outstanding options granted to certain directors of the Company to purchase up to an aggregate of 17,855 shares of Common Stock at a weighted average exercise price of $42.50 per share, (iii) the conversion of the 106,333 outstanding shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Series F Preferred Stock”), into up to 107 shares of Common Stock based on a conversion price equal to $3,000 per share; (iv) the conversion of the Series H Preferred Stock, into up to 30,890 shares of Common Stock, and (v) the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each of the Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants, as applicable. 8 RISK FACTORS An investment in the Securities offered under
this prospectus involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider and evaluate all of the information contained in this prospectus
and in the documents that we incorporate by reference herein before you decide to invest in our securities. In particular, you should
carefully consider and evaluate the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in this prospectus
and in the documents incorporated by reference herein. Investors are further advised that the risks described below may not be the only
risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently think are immaterial, may also negatively impact our
business operations or financial results. Any of the risks and uncertainties set forth in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated
by reference herein, as updated by annual, quarterly and other reports and documents that we file with the SEC and incorporate by reference
into this prospectus, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn
could materially and adversely affect the value of our securities. Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership
of Our Securities This is a best-efforts
offering, no minimum amount of Securities is required to be sold, and we may not raise the amount of capital that we believe is required
for our business plans. The placement agent has agreed to use its reasonable
best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the Securities in this offering. The placement agent has no obligation to buy any of the Securities
from us or to arrange for the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of the Securities. There is no required minimum
number of Securities that must be sold as a condition to completion of this offering. Because there is no minimum offering amount required
as a condition to the closing of this offering, the actual offering amount, placement agent fees and proceeds to us are not presently
determinable and may be substantially less than the maximum amounts set forth herein. We may sell fewer than all of the Securities offered
hereby, which may significantly reduce the amount of proceeds received by us, and investors in this offering will not receive a refund
in the event that we do not sell an amount of Securities sufficient to support our continued operations. Thus, we may not raise the amount
of capital that we believe is required for our operations and may need to raise additional funds. Such additional fundraises may not be
available or available on terms acceptable to us. The market price for our Common Stock is
particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float, and lack of profits,
which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. You may be unable to sell your shares of Common Stock at or above the assumed
public offering price attributed to the Common Stock included in the Units purchased in this offering or to the Common Stock issued upon
exercise of the Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants included in the Units and/or Pre-Funded Units in this offering, which may result in substantial
losses to you. The market for our Common Stock is characterized
by significant price volatility when compared to the shares of larger, more established companies that have large public floats, and we
expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than the shares of such larger, more established companies for the indefinite
future. The volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors. First, as noted above, our Common Stock is, compared
to the shares of such larger, more established companies, sporadically and thinly traded. The price for our Common Stock could, for example,
decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our Common Stock is sold on the market without commensurate demand. Secondly,
we are a speculative or “risky” investment due to our lack of profits to date. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more
risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress,
be more inclined to sell their shares of Common Stock on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with
the stock of a larger, more established company that has a large public float. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease
the market price of our Common Stock regardless of our operating performance. 9 You may experience immediate and substantial
dilution in the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of the Common Stock included as part of the Units sold in this offering
or that may be issued upon the exercise of any Pre-Funded Warrants included as parts of the Pre-Funded Units sold in this offering. The price per share of our Common Stock being
offered as part of the Units or that may be issued upon the exercise of any Pre-Funded Warrants included as part of the Pre-Funded Units
is higher than the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our Common Stock. Therefore, you will suffer immediate and substantial
dilution in the as adjusted net tangible book value of the Common Stock if you purchase securities in this offering. Furthermore, if outstanding
warrants are exercised, or the Warrants issued in connection with this offering are exercised, you could experience further dilution.
See the section entitled “Dilution” below for a more detailed discussion of the dilution you will incur if you invest in this
offering. You may experience future dilution as a
result of future equity offerings and other issuances of our Common Stock or other securities. In addition, this offering and future equity
offerings and other issuances of our Common Stock or other securities may adversely affect our Common Stock price. In order to raise additional capital, we may in
the future offer additional shares of our Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our Common Stock at prices
that may not be the same as the price per Unit or Pre-Funded Unit in this offering. We may not be able to sell shares or other securities
in any other offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per Unit or Pre-Funded Unit paid by the investors
in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to exi