: An
    investment in our securities involves substantial risk. You should read carefully the “Risk Factors” section on
    page 6 of this prospectus, and under similar headings in the other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
    Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our
    business and operations. Nasdaq
    symbol for Common Stock: “LIPO” (1) Shares of our Common Stock that will be
    outstanding after this offering is based on 5,803,945 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of October 30, 2023, but excludes
    the following as of such date: (a) 1,078,000 shares of our securities issuable upon options outstanding under the Company’s
    2008 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2008 Plan”) having an exercise price of $1.25 per share, all of which are fully
    exercisable, (b) 1,375,000 shares of our securities issuable upon options outstanding under the Amended and Restated 2020
    Stock Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), having exercise prices ranging from $2.19 to $5.00 per share, with a weighted
    average exercise price of $3.93 per share, 1,194,333 of which are fully exercisable, and (c) 143,994 shares of Common Stock
    issuable upon the exercise of fully exercisable warrants having an exercise price of $5.00 per share. 5 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in the securities offered under this prospectus involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider and evaluate
all of the information contained in this prospectus and in the documents that we incorporate by reference herein before you decide
to invest in our securities. In particular, you should carefully consider and evaluate the risks and uncertainties described under
the heading “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein. Investors are
further advised that the risks described below may not be the only risks we face. Additional risks that we do not yet know of,
or that we currently think are immaterial, may also negatively impact our business operations or financial results. Any of the
risks and uncertainties set forth in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference herein, as updated by annual,
quarterly and other reports and documents that we file with the SEC and incorporate by reference into this prospectus, could materially
and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely
affect the value of our securities. Risks
Related to the Resale of the Warrant Shares and Ownership of Shares of Our Common Stock The
Selling Stockholders may choose to sell the Warrant Shares at prices below the current market price. The
Selling Stockholders are not restricted as to the prices at which they may sell or otherwise dispose of the Warrant Shares covered
by this prospectus. Sales or other dispositions of the Warrant Shares below the then-current market prices could adversely affect
the market price of our Common Stock. A
large number of shares of Common Stock may be sold in the market following this offering, which may significantly depress the
market price of our Common Stock. The
Warrant Shares sold in the offering will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act.
As a result, a substantial number of shares of Common Stock may be sold in the public market following this offering. If there
are significantly more shares of Common Stock offered for sale than buyers are willing to purchase, then the market price of our
Common Stock may decline to a market price at which buyers are willing to purchase the offered Common Stock and sellers remain
willing to sell Common Stock. Neither
we nor the Selling Stockholders have authorized any other party to provide you with information concerning us or this offering. You
should carefully evaluate all of the information in this prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein
and therein. We may receive media coverage regarding our Company, including coverage that is not directly attributable to statements
made by our officers, that incorrectly reports on statements made by our officers or employees, or that is misleading as a result
of omitting information provided by us, our officers or employees. Neither we nor the Selling Stockholders have authorized any
other party to provide you with information concerning us or this offering, and recipients should not rely on this information. The
market price and trading volume of our Common Stock may experience rapid and substantial volatility, which could cause purchasers
of our Common Stock to incur substantial losses. The
market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate dramatically, and may decline rapidly, regardless of any developments in our business.
Overall, there are various factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could negatively affect the market price of our
Common Stock or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our Common Stock, including: ● actual
    or anticipated variations in our annual or quarterly results of operations, including our earnings estimates and whether we
    meet market expectations with regard to our earnings; ● our
    current inability to pay dividends or other distributions; 6 ● publication
    of research reports by analysts or others about us or the industry in which we operate, including the pharmaceutical or biotechnology
    industry which may be unfavorable, inaccurate, inconsistent or not disseminated on a regular basis; ● changes
    in market valuations of similar companies; ● market
    reaction to any additional equity, debt or other securities that we may issue in the future, and which may or may not dilute
    the holdings of our existing stockholders; ● additions
    or departures of key personnel; ● actions
    by institutional or significant stockholders; ● short
    interest in our Common Stock or our other securities and the market response to such short interest; ● the
    dramatic increase in the number of individual holders of our Common Stock and their participation in social media platforms
    targeted at speculative investing; ● speculation
    in the press or investment community about our company or industries in which we operate; ● strategic
    actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or other investments; ● legislative,
    administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting our business, our industry, including positions taken by the FDA; ● investigations,
    proceedings, or litigation that involve or affect us; and ● the
    occurrence of any of the other risk factors included in this registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part;
    and ● general
    market and economic conditions. Our Common Stock is currently
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”). If we are unable to maintain listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq
or any stock exchange, our stock price could be adversely affected and the liquidity of our stock and our ability to obtain financing
could be impaired and it may be more difficult for our stockholders to sell shares of Common Stock that they hold. Although our Common Stock is currently
listed on Nasdaq, we may not be able to continue to meet the exchange’s minimum listing requirements or those of any other
national exchange. If we are unable to maintain the listing of our Common Stock on Nasdaq or if a liquid market for our Common
Stock does not develop or is sustained, our Common Stock may remain thinly traded. The
rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the “Nasdaq Rules”) require listed issuers to comply with certain standards
in order to remain listed on Nasdaq. If, for any reason, we should fail to maintain compliance with these listing standards and
Nasdaq should delist our Common Stock from Nasdaq and we are unable to obtain listing on another national securities exchange,
trading in the shares of our Common Stock could be conducted in the over-the-counter market or on an electronic bulletin board
established for unlisted securities such as the Pink Sheets or the OTC Bulletin Board. In such event, a reduction in some or all
of the following may occur, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our shareholders: ● the
    liquidity of our Common Stock; ● the
    market price of our Common Stock; ● our
    ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 7 ● the
    number of investors that will consider investing in our Common Stock; ● the
    availability of information concerning the trading prices and volume of our Common Stock; and ● the
    number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in shares of our Common Stock. Because
certain of our stockholders control a significant number of shares of our Common Stock, they may have effective control over actions
requiring stockholder approval. As of October 30, 2023, our directors,
executive officers and principal stockholders, and their respective affiliates, beneficially own 2,284,675 shares of Common Stock,
or approximately 40% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock.  As a result, these stockholders, acting together, may have
the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors
and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these stockholders, acting together,
may have the ability to control the management and affairs of our Company. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership might
harm the market price of our Common Stock by: ● delaying,
    deferring or preventing a change in corporate control; ● impeding
    a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or ● discouraging
    a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. In
the event that 