” for a discussion of risks involved in investing in our
Common Stock. Subscription Agent [            ] Information Agent [            ] Dividends We have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our Common Stock, and we intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. See “Market Price and Dividend Information.” Market for Common Stock Our Common Stock is currently traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “MSHL.” See “Market Price and Dividend Information.” Risk Factors Before you exercise your Rights to purchase shares of our Common Stock, you should carefully consider the risks described in the section entitled “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 14
of this prospectus. 14 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investment in our stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below, together with other information
included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and our other filings, before making investment decisions regarding our stock. If any of the following events actually occur, our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition
could be materially and adversely affected. This could cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Moreover, the risks described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. Risks Relating to Our Business We have limited existing financial resources and will
need substantial additional funds to progress the clinical trial program for our drug candidates ME-143 or ME-344 beyond their early development stages and to develop new compounds purchased from Novogen in the Isoflavone Transaction (as defined
below). The actual amount of funds we will need will be determined by a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. We have limited cash resources and liquidity. We will need substantial additional funds to progress the clinical trial program for our drug candidates ME-143 or ME-344 and to develop any additional
compounds. The factors which will determine the actual amount of funds that we will need to progress the clinical trial programs for ME-143 and ME-344 may include the following: • the number of sites included in the trials; • the length of time required to enroll suitable patients; • the number of patients who participate in the trials and the rate that they are recruited; • the number of treatment cycles patients complete while they are enrolled in the trials; and • the efficacy and safety profile of the product. If we are unable to obtain additional funds on favorable terms or at all, we may be required to cease or reduce our operations. Also, if we raise more funds by selling additional securities, the ownership
interests of holders of our securities will be diluted. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain financing sufficient to
meet our future capital and operating needs. We expect to have to attempt to sell additional shares of Common Stock,
and securities exercisable or convertible into shares of our Common Stock, in the future to satisfy our capital and operating needs. If we sell shares in the future, the prices at which we sell these future shares will vary, and these variations may
be significant. Purchasers of the shares in this Rights Offering, as well as our existing stockholders, will experience significant dilution if we sell these future shares at prices significantly below the price at which previous shareholders
invested. Pursuant to the terms of a private placement of equity securities that closed in May 2011 (the “May 2011
private placement”) as described in Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2011 (the “Form 10-K”), we have agreed not to offer or sell any of our or our subsidiaries’ equity
securities, including securities that are convertible or exchangeable for our Common Stock, other than those issuances of Common Stock to Novogen that were consummated in September and December 2011, or to file any new registration statement, other
than as required by the Amended Registration Rights Agreement between us and the 15 Table of Contents investors in the May 2011 private placement, until the earlier of (i) June 18, 2012 and (ii) 90 days after the registration of all of the securities we have agreed to register
pursuant to the Amended Registration Rights Agreement. We have obtained a waiver from the investors in the May 2011 private placement to conduct this Rights Offering. Future sales of our Common Stock, including upon conversion of our outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and exercise of our outstanding Series A warrants, may depress the market price of
our Common Stock and cause stockholders to experience dilution. The market price of our Common Stock could decline as
a result of sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, including upon exercise of outstanding warrants and the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The 1,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock held by Novogen are initially convertible into an aggregate of 4,827,000 shares of our Common Stock. As of February [    ], 2012, the Series A warrants were exercisable for an aggregate of 2,460,617 shares of Common
Stock. We intend to seek additional capital through one or more equity transactions, in addition to this Rights Offering, in calendar year 2012; however, such transactions will be subject to market conditions and there can be no assurance any such
transactions will be completed. Negative global economic conditions may pose challenges to our business strategy, which relies on
access to capital from the markets or collaborators. Negative conditions in the global economy, including credit
markets and the financial services industry, have generally made equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain, and may negatively impact our ability to complete financing transactions. The duration and severity of these conditions is
uncertain, as is the extent to which they may adversely affect our business and the business of current and prospective vendors and collaborators. If negative global economic conditions persist or worsen, we may be unable to secure additional
funding to sustain our operations or to find suitable collaborators to advance our internal programs, even if we achieve positive results from our research and development efforts. We have a limited operating history and are likely to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future. You should consider our prospects in light of the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage and developmental companies. Although we were incorporated in December 2000, we have only
been in operation since May 2002. We have incurred net losses of $80.7 million since our inception through December 31, 2011, including net losses of $6,781,000, $7,896,000 and $11,180,000 for the years ended June 30, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively. We anticipate that we will incur operating losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future. We have not yet commercialized any drug candidates and cannot be sure that we will ever be able to do so, or that we may
ever become profitable. Our stockholders may not realize a benefit from the Isoflavone Transaction commensurate with the ownership
dilution they will experience in connection with the Isoflavone Transaction. On May 9, 2011, we completed the
acquisition of certain assets used in or generated under or in connection with the discovery, development, manufacture and marketing of intellectual property and products based on the field of isoflavonoid technology and on compounds known as
isoflavones, including those related to the drug candidates Phenoxodiol, Triphendiol, ME-143 and NV-128 (the “Isoflavone-related Assets”), from Novogen in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of
December 21, 2010, between us, Novogen and Novogen Research Pty Limited (the “Isoflavone Asset Purchase Agreement”). The acquisition of the Isoflavone-related Assets and the other transactions contemplated by the Isoflavone Asset
Purchase Agreement are referred to in this prospectus as the “Isoflavone Transaction.” 16 Table of Contents If we are unable to realize the expected strategic and financial benefits from the
Isoflavone Transaction, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution of their ownership interest upon the conversion of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, which may be converted at any time and from time to time without the payment of
any additional consideration, without receiving any commensurate benefit. As of [                    ], 2012, Novogen owned approximately 58.1% of
our outstanding shares of common stock. Additionally, upon consummation of the Isoflavone Transaction, Novogen acquired 1,000 shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which are initially convertible into an aggregate of 4,827,000 shares of
our Common Stock, which would increase Novogen’s ownership percentage to approximately 68.4%. In addition, upon our achievement of certain development milestones relating to the Isoflavone-related Assets, the aggregate number of shares into
which the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may be converted would increase to 9,654,000, which would potentially increase Novogen’s ownership percentage to approximately 74.7%, absent the issuance of any other shares of our Common Stock.
Although in the Isoflavone Asset Purchase Agreement Novogen made certain representations and warranties regarding its intellectual property rights in respect of the Isoflavone-related Assets, these indemni