under the section titled “Risk Factors”. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this prospectus to “DanDrit,” “we,” “us,” “our” and the “Company” are to DanDrit Biotech USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“DanDrit USA”), together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries DanDrit Biotech A/S, a Danish limited company, organized under the Danish Act on Limited Companies of the Kingdom of Denmark (“DanDrit Denmark,” or the “Subsidiary”). Overview We are a biotechnology company seeking to develop what we believe could be the world’s first vaccine approved for the treatment of colorectal cancer. For more than a decade we have developed and patented vaccines successfully used in initial clinical trials in Europe and Asia. We plan to continue our clinical development program in the United States. Springing from academic roots in Denmark, DanDrit has built upon its scientific and medical skills to advance candidate therapies, targeted initially at non-small-cell-lung-cancer (NSCLC) and colorectal cancer (CRC). On September 22, 2008, the Singapore government granted to DanDrit Denmark a named-patient compassionate use of MelCancerVac ™ (MCV). DanDrit has conducted three single-arm Phase II clinical trials in cancer where its dendritic cell vaccine, MCV, demonstrated efficacy. However, these three clinical trials generated data which indicated that the data needed to be confirmed in a larger, comparative randomized clinical trial. As a result, DanDrit, with the assistance of experienced practitioners in colorectal cancer treatment, designed a randomized trial with 174 stage IV colorectal cancer patients. Our Biotechnology We plan to use a dendritic cell vaccine technology relatively similar to the technology behind Dendreon’s FDA approved Provenge™ cancer vaccine. However, we believe DanDrit’s next generation of dendritic cell vaccine may benefit from technological competitive advantages over other cancer vaccines including: ● The vaccine will be generated within eight days from a patient’s peripheral blood. We will be able to generate the vaccine quickly because only 200ml of blood is required to be drawn. Leukapheresis (a medical technology in which the blood of a patient is passed through an apparatus -dialysis machine- that separates out one particular constituent and returns the remainder to the circulation which is used in Denderon’s Provenge™ cancer vaccine) is not needed. ● The vaccine will use an allogenic (using cells, tissues, or organs, sourced from a genetically non-identical member of the same species as the recipient (“Allogenic”) tumor lysate (a fluid containing the contents of lysed cells) as opposed to inconvenient autologous (from the patient) tumor lysate. Our cancer-specific antigens are off-the-shelf and therefore DanDrit does not need a patient’s tumor cells to manufacture the vaccine. ● The vaccine will be polytopic (targets several cancer specific antigens). As a result, the risk of the tumor escaping is more limited and more T-cells can be activated than if the vaccine is targeting one antigen only. However, MCV has a focus on melanoma-associated antigen (“ MAGE”)-A antigens that are only expressed by tumors and absent in normal tissues. ● Fast track production in two days is possible. MCV demonstrated efficacy in three separate Phase IIa clinical trials in colorectal and non-small cell lung cancer. Even if MCV can be used for various cancers, DanDrit has decided to focus MCV’s clinical development specifically on the treatment of advanced CRC. Our Proposed Clinical Trial Parallel with the establishment of a cancer vaccine center in Asia, DanDrit intends to develop globally MCV in colorectal cancer, with opportunities to expand the scope of the treatment to other types of cancer after development in colorectal cancer. DanDrit proposes to focus its development program on a randomized multicenter (United States, Europe and Asia) Phase IIb clinical trial in stage IV colorectal cancer. The proposed Proof of Concept (PoC) study with an adaptive design plans to enroll 174 stage IV colorectal cancer patients after surgical resection of metastases and chemotherapy. These patients have no evidence of disease but are not cured of cancer. Their Progression Free Survival (PFS) is only 24 to 26 months. The objective of this multicenter Phase II/III clinical study is to lengthen the survival of these patients. Treatment will be double blinded (to the patients and physicians) against reference therapy. Patients will be included after surgical resection of their primary tumor and resectable metastases in liver and after appropriate peri-operative chemotherapy by stratification and random assignment to a non-vaccine control group or a vaccine group receiving five vaccinations with 14-day administration intervals followed by five vaccines with two-month intervals. Inclusion will take place one month after finishing the last round of peri-operative chemotherapy (FOLFOX or FOLFIRI) and after a negative tumor scan (head, thoracic and abdominal cavities) and normal carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) prior to inclusion in the vaccine or the control groups. Patients will be screened for MAGE-A expression. The control group will receive five plus five injections with physiological saline. In the event of disease progression, as verified by tumor scan and biomarker levels during the vaccination schedule, vaccinations will be discontinued. 1 Our Competitive Strengths We believe the following strengths position us to increase our revenue and profitability: ● Cutting Edge Technology. We believe, based on the current state of research, that immunotherapy is one of the waves of the future in cancer management. ● Colorectal Therapy Potential. We believe the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer represents an opportunity to meet a well identified medical need for safe maintenance therapy. We believe the clinical data for MCV to date shows the potential for the vaccine to eventually become a standard of care for maintenance therapy. We believe, based on our studies to date, that MCV has the potential to prolong periods of remission after response to chemotherapy. If MCV works as expected in advanced colorectal cancer, we believe it would likely prove beneficial in other tumors that over-express MAGE-A including lung, breast and esophageal cancers. ● Regulatory Precedent. With Provenge™, its prostate cancer vaccine, Dendreon pioneered the regulatory pathway for MCV. Dendreon worked with the FDA to develop the protocols which could allow a cellular therapy such as MCV to be approved for clinical use. We believe that DanDrit is the next generation of dendritic cell vaccine with several improvements over its competition: stimulate a cellular immune response rather than just an antibody response, no need for leukapheresis to produce the vaccine, intradermal administration, convenience of an Allogenic vaccine (off-the-shelf cancer specific antigens), polytopic approach but with a focus on the MAGE-A antigen family and reliable cost-efficient manufacturing. ● Use in Singapore. For the last five years, DanDrit and the Singapore National Cancer Center have provided MCV to colorectal cancer patients within an on-going compassionate use program in Singapore. ● Strong IP Protection. The technology is patented with a long patent life. DanDrit owns 100% of the technology. Our Strategy Our strategy is focused on conducting a proof-of-concept clinical trial in advanced colorectal cancer. DanDrit intends to conduct a randomized multicenter (United States, Europe and Asia) Phase IIb clinical trial to determine the ability of MCV to prevent recidivism in stage IV colorectal patients with no evidence of disease after resection of liver metastasis and chemotherapy. This blinded comparative trial is planned to be completed within three years. We believe that positive clinical data will be the catalyst to unlock commercial revenues for DanDrit through either acquisition by pharmaceutical partner or licensing deals that would yield upfront and milestone payments as well as royalties. Furthermore, parallel to the previously described clinical trial, DanDrit may pursue a registration trial to support potential approval of MCV in China. This trial would be conducted under China’s State Food and Drug Administration (the “SFDA”) regulations with a Chinese oncology pharmaceutical partner. China has recently put in place a drug approval system. DanDrit is headquartered in and runs operations from Denmark. When clinical milestones are met (positive 12-month-interim results from comparative clinical trial), DanDrit intends to establish a dendritic cell cancer vaccine good manufacturing practices (GMP) laboratory in the United States. Industry Overview We believe that major advances have been made the last three years in the field of immunotherapy. Molecular and cellular mechanisms controlling the immune system’s battle against cancer cells are now better understood. 2 However, currently, cancer remains still mostly treated by surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. The current therapeutic approach is aggressive on the patient with significant side effects, and often fails to deal with the cancer for very long. Immunotherapy, however, can potentially solve these problems because the immune system, with its high level of specificity, can zero in on cancer cells that surgeons, drugs and radiations cannot reach. For example, according to Dr. Adam Snook, “Our immune system is characterized by remarkable specificity, potency and memory – the ability of a single vaccine treatment to provide life-long-protection. No pharmacologic treatment for any indication can provide the same level of safety, efficacy, and long lasting affect than a vaccine can,” In 2010, Dendreon published positive Phase III survival data for its immunotherapy, called Provenge™, in prostate cancer. During the last three years, the field of cancer immunotherapy has b