impacting loans in each of the portfolio segments include broad deterioration of property values, reduced consumer, and business spending as a result of unemployment and reduced credit availability and lack of confidence in the economy. The historical experience is adjusted for the following qualitative factors: (a) the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations; (b) changes in national, regional and local economic conditions that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio; (c) changes in levels or trends in charge-offs and recoveries; (d) changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, nonaccrual loans or loans classified special mention, substandard, doubtful or loss; (e) changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio and terms of loans; (f) changes in lending policies and procedures, risk selection and underwriting standards; (g) changes in the experience, ability and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; (h) quality of loan review; (i) the effect of other external factors, trends or uncertainties that could affect management’s estimate of probable losses, such as competition and industry conditions. The Company uses peer data when they have insufficient history to use their own loss data. The peer group is made up of various Bank’s with similar size and geographical location to obtain comparable data. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower’s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis for commercial, commercial real estate, and residential mortgage loan segments by either F- 54 Table of Contents the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, the loan’s obtainable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral-dependent. Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) and classified as impaired. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment. Accordingly, the Company does not separately identify individual consumer loans for impairment disclosures. Purchased Credit Impaired Loans The Company purchased loans in connection with the Merger. These purchased credit impaired (“PCI”) loans were recorded at the amount paid, such that there is no carryover of the seller’s allowance for loan losses. After acquisition, losses are recognized by an increase in the allowance for loan losses. Over the life of the loan, expected cash flows continue to be estimated. If this subsequent estimate indicated that the present value of expected cash flows is less than the carrying amount, a charge to the allowance for loan loss is made through a provision. If the estimate indicates that the present value of the expected cash flows is greater than the carrying amount, it is recognized as part of future interest income. Such PCI loans are accounted for individually, and the Company estimates the amount and timing of expected cash flows for each loan. The expected cash flows in excess of the amount paid is recorded as interest income over the remaining life of the loan (accretable yield). The excess of the loan’s contractual principal and interest over expected cash flows is not amortized over the remaining life of the loan (nonaccretable difference). For loans purchased that did not show evidence of credit deterioration, the difference between the fair value of the loan at the acquisition date and the loan’s face value is being amortized as a yield adjustment over the estimated remaining life of the loan using the effective interest method. Investment in Restricted Stock, at Cost The Company holds restricted stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) of Pittsburgh and the Atlantic Community Bancshares, Inc. (“ACBB”) which is carried at cost. The Company holds $ 194 and $ 170 of ACBB stock at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company holds $ 2,491 and $ 2,062 of FHLB stock at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The FHLB stock is bought from and sold to the FHLB based upon its $ 100 par value. The stock does not have a readily determinable fair value and as such is classified as restricted stock, carried at cost, and evaluated for impairment as necessary. The stock’s value is determined by the ultimate recoverability of the par value rather than by recognizing temporary declines. The determination of whether the par value will ultimately be recovered is influenced by criteria such as the following: (a) the significance of the decline in net assets of the FHLB as compared to the capital stock amount and the length of time this situation has persisted; (b) commitments by the FHLB to make payments required by law or regulation and the level of such payments in relation to the operating performance; (c) the impact of legislative and regulatory changes on the customer base of the FHLB; and (d) the liquidity position of the FHLB. Management evaluated the stock and concluded that the stock was not impaired for the periods presented herein. Bank-Owned Life Insurance The Company invests in bank-owned life insurance (“BOLI”) as a source of funding for employee benefit expenses. BOLI involves the purchasing of life insurance by the Company on a chosen group of employees. The Company is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. This life insurance investment is carried at the cash surrender value of the underlying policies. Income from the increase in cash surrender value of the policies is included in non-interest income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, net of expenses. F- 55 Table of Contents Premises and Equipment Leasehold improvements and furniture and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation and amortization expense is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives for furniture and equipment are three to ten years ; leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of their respective lease term or estimated life of the improvement. Other Real Estate Owned Foreclosed assets acquired in settlement of loans are carried at fair value, less estimated costs to sell. Prior to foreclosure, as the value of the underlying loan is written down to fair value of the real estate or other assets to be acquired by a charge to the allowance for loan losses, if necessary. Any subsequent write-downs are charged against operating expenses. Operating expenses of such properties, net of related income and losses on disposition, are included in other expenses and gains and losses are included in other noninterest income or other noninterest expense. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had no other real estate owned. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has initiated formal foreclosure proceedings on no consumer residential mortgages, which have not yet been transferred into foreclosed assets. Transfers of Financial Assets Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when control of the assets has been surrendered. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when (1) the assets have been isolated from the Bank, (2) the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and (3) the Bank does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. Income Taxes The income tax accounting guidance results in two components of income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period by applying the provisions of the enacted tax law to the taxable income or excess of deductions over revenues. The Bank determines deferred income taxes using the liability (or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and enacted changes in tax rates and laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of the evidence available, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions if it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon examination. The term more likely than not means a likelihood of more than 50 percent; the terms examined and upon examination also include resolution of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit