An investment in our common stock involves a high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the other information contained in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not
identified or that we currently think are immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and
you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks
Relating to our Business and Industry Our dependence upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of a substantial portion of our products could prevent us from
delivering our products to our customers in the required quantities, within the required timeframes, or at all, which could result in order cancellations and decreased revenues. We obtain a substantial portion of our products from third party manufacturers and suppliers. Historically, we
relied on BVL in Bedford, Ohio as our sole manufacturer of DEFINITY, Neurolite and evacuation vials, an ancillary component for our TechneLite generators, and as one of two manufacturers of Cardiolite. Our products were manufactured at BVL’s
south complex facility, or the South Complex, where BVL also manufactured products for a number of other pharmaceutical customers. In July 2010, BVL temporarily shutdown the South Complex, in order to upgrade the facility to meet certain regulatory
requirements. BVL had originally planned for the shutdown of the South Complex to run through March 2011 and to resume production of our products in April 2011. In anticipation of the shutdown, BVL manufactured for us additional inventory of these
products to meet our expected needs during this period. A series of unexpected delays at BVL, however, resulted in a stockout for Neurolite from the third quarter 2011 until the third quarter 2013, product outages and shortages for DEFINITY in much
of 2012 and product outages and shortages for Cardiolite in 2012 and 2013. Although we entered into new agreements with BVL in March 2012, which provided, among other things, $35.0 million of cash payments to us, and BVL was able to resume some manufacturing under the new
agreement, BVL continued to face regulatory issues and supply challenges. In October 2013, BVL announced that it would cease manufacturing further new batches of our products in its Bedford, Ohio facility and, in November 2013, BVL terminated our
arrangement, and, among other things, paid us an additional $8.9 million. Following extensive technology transfer activities, we now rely on JHS as our sole source manufacturer of DEFINITY and evacuation vials. We currently have additional ongoing technology transfer activities
at JHS for our Neurolite product and at Pharmalucence for DEFINITY, but we can give no assurances as to when that technology transfer will be completed and when we will actually receive supply of Neurolite from JHS or DEFINITY from Pharmalucence. In
the meantime, we have no other currently active manufacturer of Neurolite, and our DEFINITY, evacuation vial and Cardiolite product supply is currently manufactured by a single manufacturer. In addition, Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, or
Mallinckrodt, is our sole manufacturer for Ablavar. Based on our current estimates, we believe that we will have sufficient supply of DEFINITY from JHS and remaining BVL inventory to meet
expected demand, sufficient Cardiolite product supply from our current manufacturer to meet expected demand, sufficient supply of evacuation vials from JHS to meet expected demand and sufficient Ablavar product supply to meet expected demand. We
also currently anticipate that we will have sufficient BVL-manufactured Neurolite supply for the U.S. market to last until Neurolite technology transfer and U.S. regulatory approval at JHS are completed. However, we can give no assurances that JHS
or our other manufacturing partners will be able to manufacture and distribute our products in a high quality and timely manner and in sufficient quantities to allow us to avoid product stock-outs and shortfalls. Currently, the regulatory
authorities in certain countries prohibit us from marketing products previously manufactured by BVL, and JHS has not yet obtained approval of some of those regulatory authorities that would permit us to market all of our products manufactured by
JHS. Accordingly, until those regulatory approvals have been obtained, our international business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will continue to be adversely affected. 16 Table of Contents Our manufacturing agreement for Ablavar runs until 2014, although we do not foresee the need
to order any additional active pharmaceutical ingredients, or APIs, or finished drug product under this agreement, other than our outstanding purchase commitment. We do not have any current plans to initiate technology transfer activities for
Ablavar. If we do not engage in Ablavar technology transfer activities in the future with a new manufacturing partner for Ablavar, then our existing Ablavar inventory will expire in 2016 and we will have no further Ablavar inventory that we will be
able to sell. In addition to the products
described above, for reasons of quality assurance or cost-effectiveness, we purchase certain components and raw materials from sole suppliers (including, for example, the lead casing for our TechneLite generators and the evacuation vials for our
TechneLite generators manufactured by JHS). Because we do not control the actual production of many of the products we sell and many of the raw materials and components that make up the products we sell, we may be subject to delays caused by
interruption in production based on events and conditions outside of our control. At our North Billerica, Massachusetts facility, we manufacture TechneLite on a relatively new, highly automated production line, as well as Thallium and Gallium using
our older cyclotron technology. If we or one of our manufacturing partners experiences an event, including a labor dispute, natural disaster, fire, power outage, security problem, failure to meet regulatory requirements, product quality issue,
technology transfer issue or other issue, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or on the forecasted schedule, if at all. Due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the governing regulatory authorities
regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly restart manufacturing at a third party or our own facility or establish additional or replacement sources for certain products, components or materials. In addition to our existing manufacturing relationships, we
are also pursuing new manufacturing relationships to establish and secure additional or alternative suppliers for our commercial products. For example, on November 12, 2013, we entered into a Manufacturing and Supply Agreement with
Pharmalucence to manufacture and supply DEFINITY. We cannot assure you, however, that these supply diversification activities will be successful, or that before those alternate manufacturers or sources of product are fully functional and qualified,
that we will be able to avoid or mitigate interim supply shortages. In addition, we cannot assure you that our existing manufacturers or suppliers or any new manufacturers or suppliers can adequately maintain either their financial health or
regulatory compliance to allow continued production and supply. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could eventually have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Challenges with product quality or product performance, including defects, caused by us or our suppliers could result in a decrease in customers and sales, unexpected expenses and loss of market
share. The manufacture of our products
is highly exacting and complex and must meet stringent quality requirements, due in part to strict regulatory requirements, including the FDA’s current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs. Problems may be identified or arise during
manufacturing quality review, packaging or shipment for a variety of reasons including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, defective raw materials and environmental factors. Additionally, manufacturing flaws,
component failures, design defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure of product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. Those events could lead to a
recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our products. We also may undertake voluntarily to recall products or temporarily shutdown production lines based on internal safety and quality monitoring and testing data. Quality, regulatory and recall challenges could cause us to
incur significant costs, including costs to replace products, lost revenue, damage to customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and costs of any possible settlements or judgments related thereto and potentially cause
similar losses with respect to other products. These challenges could also divert the attention of our management and employees from operational, commercial or other business efforts. If we deliver products with defects, or if there is a perception
that our products or the processes related to our products contain errors or defects, we could incur additional recall and product liability costs, and our credibility and the market acceptance and sales of our products could be 17 Table of Contents materially adversely affected. Due to the strong name recognition of our brands, an adverse event involving one of our products could result in red