Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as other
information contained in this prospectus, including our financial statements and related notes to those statements, before deciding to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our
business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow, in which case the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The recent economic crisis adversely impacted our business and financial results and a prolonged economic downturn could materially
affect us in the future. The restaurant industry is dependent upon consumer discretionary spending. The recession from late 2007
to mid-2009 reduced consumer confidence to historic lows, impacting the public’s ability and desire to spend discretionary dollars as a result of job losses, home foreclosures, significantly reduced home values, investment losses, bankruptcies
and reduced access to credit, resulting in lower levels of customer traffic and lower average check sizes in our restaurants. As a result, our losses during the economic crisis increased significantly due, to a large extent, to lower revenues and
impairment charges. If the economy experiences another significant decline, our business, results of operations and ability to comply with the terms of our senior secured credit facilities could be materially adversely affected and may result in a
deceleration of the number and timing of new restaurant openings by us and our franchisees. Deterioration in customer traffic or a reduction in average check size would negatively impact our revenues and our profitability and could result in further
reductions in staff levels, additional impairment charges and potential restaurant closures. We are vulnerable to changes in
consumer preferences and economic conditions that could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Food service businesses depend on consumer discretionary spending and are often affected by changes in consumer tastes, national, regional and
local economic conditions and demographic trends. Factors such as traffic patterns, weather, fuel prices, local demographics and the type, number and locations of competing restaurants may adversely affect the performances of individual locations.
In addition, economic downturns, inflation or increased food or energy costs could harm the restaurant industry in general and our locations in particular. Adverse changes in any of these factors could reduce consumer traffic or impose practical
limits on pricing that could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. There can be no assurance that consumers will continue to regard chicken-based or Mexican-inspired food favorably or that we will be able to
develop new products that appeal to consumer preferences. Our business, financial condition and results of operations depend in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond to changing consumer preferences and economic conditions. Our business is geographically concentrated in the greater Los Angeles area, and we could be negatively affected by conditions specific
to that region. Our company-operated and franchised restaurants in the greater Los Angeles area generated, in the aggregate,
approximately 80% of our revenue in fiscal 2013 and approximately 81% in fiscal 2012. During the recent economic crisis and recession, our business was materially adversely affected by a significant decrease in revenues from these restaurants due to
adverse economic conditions in Southern California, including declining home prices and increased foreclosures. Adverse changes in demographic, unemployment, economic or regulatory conditions in the greater Los Angeles area or the State of
California, including but not limited to enforcement policies for and changes in immigration law, have had and may continue to have material adverse effects on our business. As of September 2014, unemployment in California was 7.3% compared to the
U.S. unemployment rate of 5.9%. We believe increases in unemployment will have a negative impact on traffic in our restaurants. As a result of our concentration in this market, we have been disproportionately affected by these adverse economic
conditions compared to other national chain restaurants. Furthermore, prolonged or severe inclement weather could affect our sales at
restaurants in locations that experience such conditions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of 14 Table of Contents operations. It is possible that weather conditions may impact our business more than other businesses in our industry because of our significant concentration of restaurants in the greater Los
Angeles area. We may also suffer unexpected losses resulting from natural disasters or other catastrophic events affecting these areas, such as earthquakes, fires, droughts, local strikes, terrorist attacks, increases in energy prices, explosions,
or other natural or man-made disasters. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from catastrophes could be substantial. Our growth strategy depends in part on opening new restaurants in existing and new markets and expanding our franchise system. We may be
unsuccessful in opening new company-operated or franchised restaurants or establishing new markets, which could adversely affect our growth. One of the key means to achieving our growth strategy will be through opening new restaurants and operating those restaurants on a profitable
basis. We opened two new restaurants in fiscal 2013 and plan to open an estimated ten to eleven new company operated restaurants in fiscal 2014, of which eight have opened to date. Our franchisees opened five new restaurants in fiscal 2013 and plan
to open four in fiscal 2014. Our ability to open new restaurants is dependent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including our or our franchisees’ ability to: • identify available and suitable restaurant sites; • compete for restaurant sites; • reach acceptable agreements regarding the lease or purchase of locations; • obtain or have available the financing required to acquire and operate a restaurant, including construction and opening costs; • respond to unforeseen engineering or environmental problems with leased premises; • avoid the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities; • hire, train and retain the skilled management and other employees necessary to meet staffing needs; • obtain, in a timely manner and for an acceptable cost, required licenses, permits and regulatory approvals and respond effectively to any changes in local, state or federal law and regulations that adversely affect our
and our franchisees’ costs or ability to open new restaurants; and • control construction and equipment cost increases for new restaurants. There is no guarantee
that a sufficient number of suitable restaurant sites will be available in desirable areas or on terms that are acceptable to us in order to achieve our growth plan. If we are unable to open new restaurants or sign new franchisees, or if restaurant
openings are significantly delayed, our earnings or revenue growth could be adversely affected and our business negatively affected as we expect a portion of our growth to come from new locations. As part of our longer term growth strategy, we may enter into geographic markets in which we have little or no prior operating or franchising
experience through company-operated restaurant growth and through franchise development agreements. The challenges of entering new markets include: difficulties in hiring experienced personnel; unfamiliarity with local real estate markets and
demographics; consumer unfamiliarity with our brand; and different competitive and economic conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than in our existing markets. Consumer
recognition of our brand has been important in the success of company-operated and franchised restaurants in our existing markets. In addition, restaurants we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected sales and profit levels on a
consistent basis and may have higher construction, occupancy or operating costs than restaurants we open in existing markets, thereby affecting our overall profitability. Any failure on our part to recognize or respond to these challenges may
adversely affect the success of any new restaurants. Expanding our franchise system could require the implementation, expense and successful management of enhanced business support systems, management information systems and financial controls as
well as additional staffing, franchise support and capital expenditures and working capital. 15 Table of Contents At the end of fiscal 2009, we had 21 system-wide restaurants, all originally developed by
franchisees, open east of the Rockies. However, by 2012, all of these restaurants had been closed. We may encounter similar issues with our current growth strategy, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flow. Due to brand recognition and logistical synergies, as part of our growth strategy, we also intend to open
new restaurants in areas where we have existing restaurants. The operating results and comparable restaurant sales for our restaurants could be adversely affected due to close proximity with our other restaurants and market saturation. Changes in food and supply costs, especially for chicken, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Our profitability depen