Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
    You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as
    well as the other information in this prospectus, before
    deciding to invest in our common stock. The occurrence of any of
    the following risks could harm our business, financial
    condition, results of operations or prospects. In that case, the
    trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may
    lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to
    Our Business and Industry We depend on
    our ability to attract and retain experienced and productive
    advisors. We derive a large portion of our revenues from commissions and
    fees generated by our advisors. Our ability to attract and
    retain experienced and productive advisors has contributed
    significantly to our growth and success, and our strategic plan
    is premised upon continued growth in the number of our advisors.
    If we fail to attract new advisors or to retain and motivate our
    current advisors, our business may suffer. The market for experienced and productive advisors is highly
    competitive, and we devote significant resources to attracting
    and retaining the most qualified advisors. In attracting and
    retaining advisors, we compete directly with a variety of
    financial institutions such as wirehouses, regional
    broker-dealers, banks, insurance companies and other independent
    broker-dealers. If we are not successful in attracting or
    retaining highly qualified advisors, we may not be able to
    recover the expense involved in attracting and training these
    individuals. There can be no assurance that we will be
    successful in our efforts to attract and retain the advisors
    needed to achieve our growth objectives. Our financial
    condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by
    market fluctuations and other economic factors. Our financial condition and results of operations may be
    adversely affected by market fluctuations and other economic
    factors. Significant downturns and volatility in equity and
    other financial markets have had and could continue to have an
    adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
    operations. General economic and market factors can affect our commission
    and fee revenue. For example, a decrease in market levels can: • reduce new investments by both new and existing clients in
    financial products that are linked to the stock market, such as
    variable life insurance, variable annuities, mutual funds and
    managed accounts; • reduce trading activity, thereby affecting our brokerage
    commissions; • reduce the value of advisory and brokerage assets, thereby
    reducing asset-based fee income and • motivate clients to withdraw funds from their accounts, reducing
    advisory and brokerage assets, advisory fee revenue and
    asset-based fee income. In addition, because certain of our expenses are fixed, our
    ability to reduce them over short periods of time is limited,
    which could negatively impact our profitability. Significant
    interest rate changes could affect our profitability and
    financial condition. Our revenues are exposed to interest rate risk primarily from
    changes in the interest rates payable to us from banks
    participating in our cash sweep programs. In the current low
    interest rate environment, our revenue from our cash sweep
    program has declined and may decline further due to changes in
    interest rates or clients moving assets out of our cash sweep
    program. We may also be 12 Table of Contents limited in the amount we can reduce interest rates payable to
    clients in our cash sweep program and still offer a competitive
    return. Lack of
    liquidity or access to capital could impair our business and
    financial condition. Liquidity, or ready access to funds, is essential to our
    business. We expend significant resources investing in our
    business, in particular with respect to our technology and
    service platforms. In addition, we must maintain certain levels
    of required capital. As a result, reduced levels of liquidity
    could have a significant negative effect on us. Some potential
    conditions that could negatively affect our liquidity include: • illiquid or volatile markets; • diminished access to debt or capital markets or • unforeseen cash or capital requirements, adverse legal
    settlements or judgments (including, among others, risks
    associated with auction rate securities). The capital and credit markets continue to experience varying
    degrees of volatility and disruption. In some cases, the markets
    have exerted downward pressure on availability of liquidity and
    credit capacity for businesses similar to ours. Without
    sufficient liquidity, we could be required to curtail our
    operations, and our business would suffer. Notwithstanding the self-funding nature of our operations, we
    may sometimes be required to fund timing differences arising
    from the delayed receipt of funds associated with the settlement
    of transactions in securities markets. Historically, these
    timing differences were funded either with internally generated
    cash flow or, if needed, with funds drawn under short-term
    borrowing facilities, including both committed unsecured lines
    of credit and uncommitted lines of credit secured by client
    securities. LPL Financial, one of our broker-dealer
    subsidiaries, utilizes uncommitted lines secured by client
    securities to fund margin loans and other client
    transaction-related timing differences. In the event current resources are insufficient to satisfy our
    needs, we may need to rely on financing sources such as bank
    debt. The availability of additional financing will depend on a
    variety of factors such as • market conditions; • the general availability of credit; • the volume of trading activities; • the overall availability of credit to the financial services
    industry; • our credit ratings and credit capacity and • the possibility that our stockholders, advisors or lenders could
    develop a negative perception of our long-or short-term
    financial prospects if the level of our business activity
    decreases due to a market downturn. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory
    authorities or rating organizations take negative actions
    against us. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit
    markets may also limit our access to capital required to operate
    our business. Such market conditions may limit our ability to
    satisfy statutory capital requirements, generate commission, fee
    and other market-related revenue to meet liquidity needs and
    access the capital necessary to grow our business. As such, we
    may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different types of
    capital than we would otherwise, less effectively deploy such
    capital or bear an unattractive cost of capital, which could
    decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our
    financial flexibility. 13 Table of Contents If the
    counterparties to the derivative instruments we use to hedge our
    interest rate risk default, we may be exposed to risks we had
    sought to mitigate. We use derivative instruments to hedge our interest rate risk.
    If our counterparties fail to honor their obligations under the
    derivative instruments, our hedges of the interest rate risk
    will be ineffective. That failure could have an adverse effect
    on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
    that could be material. A loss of our
    marketing relationships with manufacturers of financial products
    could harm our relationship with our advisors and, in turn,
    their clients. We operate on an open architecture product platform with no
    proprietary financial products. To help our advisors meet their
    clients’ needs with suitable investment options, we have
    relationships with most of the industry-leading providers of
    financial and insurance products. We have sponsorship agreements
    with some manufacturers of fixed and variable annuities and
    mutual funds that, subject to the survival of certain terms and
    conditions, may be terminated upon notice. If we lose our
    relationships with one or more of these manufacturers, our
    ability to serve our advisors and our business may be materially
    and adversely affected. Risks Related to
    Our Regulatory Environment Regulatory
    developments and our failure to comply with regulations could
    adversely affect our business by increasing our costs and
    exposure to litigation, affecting our reputation and making our
    business less profitable. Our business is subject to extensive U.S. regulation and
    supervision, including securities and investment advisory
    services. The securities industry in the United States is
    subject to extensive regulation under both federal and state
    laws. Our broker-dealer subsidiary, LPL Financial, is: • registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission (“SEC”), each of the 50 states, and
    the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin
    Islands; • registered as an investment advisor with the SEC; • a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
    (“FINRA”); • regulated by the Commodities Future Trading Commission
    (“CFTC”) with respect to the futures and commodities
    trading activities it conducts as an introducing broker and • a member of the Nasdaq Stock Market and the Chicago Stock
    Exchange. Much of the regulation of broker-dealers has been delegated to
    self-regulatory organizations (“SROs”), namely FINRA
    and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board
    (“MSRB”). The primary regulators of LPL Financial are
    FINRA, and fo