AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. YOU SHOULD
CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE RISKS DESCRIBED BELOW, TOGETHER WITH THE OTHER
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROSPECTUS, BEFORE MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION.
AS A RESULT OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS, THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK COULD
DECLINE, AND YOU COULD LOSE ALL OR PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT.

                         RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND EXPECT TO ENCOUNTER DIFFICULTIES FACED
    BY EARLY STAGE COMPANIES IN NEW AND RAPIDLY EVOLVING MARKETS.

    We have only a limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation of
our current business and future prospects. We began offering the LivePerson
service in November 1998; accordingly, the revenue and income potential of our
business and the related market are unproven. As a result of our limited
operating history as a provider of real-time sales and customer service
technology for companies doing business on the Internet, we do not have
historical financial data for a significant number of periods upon which to
forecast revenue and results of operations.

    In addition, because this market is relatively new and rapidly evolving, we
have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. Before
investing in us, you should evaluate the risks, expenses and problems frequently
encountered by companies such as ours that are in the early stages of
development and that are entering new and rapidly changing markets. These risks
include our ability to:

    -  attract more clients and retain existing clients;

    -  sell additional operator access accounts (seats) and other services to
       our existing clients;

    -  effectively market and maintain our brand name;

    -  respond effectively to competitive pressures;

    -  continue to develop and upgrade our technology; and

    -  attract, integrate, retain and motivate qualified personnel.

    If we are unsuccessful in addressing some or all of these risks, our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and
adversely affected.

WE LACK SIGNIFICANT REVENUE, HAVE A HISTORY OF SIGNIFICANT LOSSES SINCE OUR
    INCEPTION AND EXPECT TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT LOSSES FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE.

    We have not achieved profitability and, as we expect to continue to incur
significant operating expenses and to make significant capital expenditures, we
expect to continue to experience significant losses and negative cash flow for
the foreseeable future. We recorded a net loss of $20,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998 (the year in which we commenced offering the LivePerson
service) and a net loss of approximately $3.3 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 1999. As of September 30, 1999, our accumulated deficit was
approximately $3.4 million. Even if we do achieve profitability, we cannot
assure you that we can sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or
annual basis in the future. Failure to achieve or maintain profitability may
materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

WE HAVE AN UNPROVEN BUSINESS MODEL AND MAY NOT GENERATE SUFFICIENT REVENUE FOR
    OUR BUSINESS TO SURVIVE.

    Our business model is based on the delivery of real-time sales and customer
service technology to companies doing business on the Internet, a largely
untested business. Sales and

                                       6 customer service historically have been provided primarily in person or by
telephone. Our business model assumes that companies doing business on the
Internet will choose to provide sales and customer service via the Internet. Our
business model also assumes that many companies will recognize the benefits of
an outsourced application, that their customers will choose to engage a customer
service representative in a live text-based interaction, that this interaction
will maximize sales opportunities and enhance the online shopping experience and
that companies will seek to have their online sales and customer service
technology provided by us. If any of these assumptions is incorrect, our
business may be harmed.

IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN SELLING THE LIVEPERSON SERVICE, OUR REVENUE WILL NOT
    INCREASE AND MAY DECLINE.

    The success of our business currently depends, and for the immediate future
will continue to substantially depend, on the sale of the LivePerson service.
Therefore, we believe that initial sales, ongoing monthly fees and the sale of
additional seats to existing clients will account for substantially all of our
revenue for the immediate future. We introduced our LivePerson service in
November 1998, and we currently have signed contracts with more than 450
clients. We cannot be certain that there will be client demand for our service
or that we will be successful in penetrating the market for real-time sales and
customer service technology. A decline in the price of, or fluctuation in the
demand for, the LivePerson service, is likely to cause our revenue to decline.
In addition, if our clients were to reduce the number of seats used or fail to
purchase additional seats, our revenue might not increase.

THE SUCCESS OF OUR BUSINESS REQUIRES THAT CLIENTS CONTINUE TO USE THE LIVEPERSON
    SERVICE AND PURCHASE ADDITIONAL SEATS.

    Our LivePerson service agreements typically have no termination date and are
terminable upon 30 to 90 days' notice without penalty. If a significant number
of our clients were to terminate these service agreements, reduce the number of
seats purchased or fail to purchase additional seats, our results may be
negatively affected. We cannot assure you that we will continue to experience
high client retention rates. Our client retention rates may decline as a result
of a number of factors, including competition, consolidation in the Internet
industry or termination of operations by a significant number of our clients.
Dissatisfaction with the nature or quality of our services could also lead
clients to terminate our service. We depend on monthly fees from the LivePerson
service for substantially all our revenue. If our retention rate declines, our
revenue could decline unless we are able to obtain additional clients or
alternate revenue sources. Further, because of the historically small number of
seats sold in initial orders, we depend on sales to new clients and sales of
additional seats to our existing clients.

OUR QUARTERLY REVENUE AND OPERATING RESULTS ARE SUBJECT TO SIGNIFICANT
    FLUCTUATIONS WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON
    STOCK.

    We expect our quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate
significantly in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are
outside our control. These factors include:

    -  market acceptance of real-time sales and customer service technology;

    -  our clients' business success;

    -  our clients' demand for seats;

    -  seasonal factors affecting our clients' businesses;

    -  our ability to attract and retain clients;

    -  the amount and timing of capital expenditures and other costs relating to
       the expansion of our operations, including those related to acquisitions;

                                       7 -  the introduction of new services by us or our competitors;

    -  changes in our pricing policies or the pricing policies of our
       competitors;

    -  economic conditions specific to the Internet, electronic commerce and
       online media; and

    -  general economic conditions.

    We do not believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results
are meaningful. You should not rely upon these comparisons as indicators of our
future performance.

    Due to the foregoing factors, it is possible that our results of operations
in one or more future quarters may fall below the expectations of securities
analysts and investors. If this occurs, the trading price of our common stock
would decline.

COMPETITION FOR PERSONNEL IN OUR INDUSTRY IS INTENSE.

    We may be unable to retain our key employees or attract, integrate or retain
other highly qualified employees in the future. We have experienced, and expect
to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly-skilled
employees with appropriate qualifications. As we continue to increase our client
base and expand our operations, we expect that we will hire additional technical
personnel, client services personnel and sales and marketing personnel. There is
significant competition for qualified employees in our industry, particularly
employees with technical backgrounds. If we do not succeed in attracting new
personnel or retaining and motivating our current personnel, or if we are unable
to outsource certain functions, our business, results of operations and
financial condition will be materially and adversely affected.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EFFECTIVELY MANAGE OUR EXPANDING OPERATIONS.

    Since the launch of the LivePerson service in November 1998, we have grown
rapidly. This growth has placed a significant strain on our managerial,
operational, technical and financial resources. As we expand our operations, we
intend to replace our existing accounting and other back-office systems. The new
systems will have to be integrated with our operations, controls and procedures.
If we are not able to successfully integrate these new systems with our existing
systems, or if we incur significant costs in order to achieve such integration,
our business could be harmed. In order to manage our growth, we must also
continue to implement new or upgraded operating and financial systems,
procedures and controls. Our failure to expand our operations in an efficient
manner could cause our expenses to grow, our revenue to decline or grow more
slowly than expected and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

    