This offering involves a
high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below,
together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus or
incorporated by reference herein, including the consolidated financial
statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common
stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial
condition or operating results could suffer. As a result, the trading price of
our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment
in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business We depend on contracts
with the U.S.Department of Defense for
a significant portion of our revenue, and if our relationship with this customer
is disrupted, we would experience a significant decrease in revenue and have
difficulty generating income. We
have two material contracts with the Defense Reutilization and Marketing
Service, or DRMS, under which we acquire, manage and sell surplus and scrap
property of the United States Department of Defense, or DoD. If our
relationship with DoD is impaired, we are
not awarded new DoD contracts when our current contracts expire, any of our DoD
contracts are terminated or the supply of assets under the contracts is significantly
decreased, we would experience a significant decrease in revenue and have
difficulty generating income. The surplus contract accounted for 91.0%, 87.5%,
56.6% and 40.9% of our revenue and 77.5%, 76.5%, 48.3% and 34.7% of our gross
merchandise volume for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2004, 2005 and
2006 and the three months ended December 31, 2006, respectively. We began
to operate under the scrap contract in August 2005 and it accounted for
0.4%, 26.5% and 27.7% of our revenue and for 0.3%, 22.6% and 23.5% of our gross
merchandise volume in fiscal years 2005 and 2006 and the three months ended December 31,
2006, respectively. We believe that these contracts will continue to be the
source of a significant portion of our revenue and gross merchandise volume
during their respective terms. The surplus contract expires in June 2008.
The scrap contract has a seven-year base term that expires in August 2012,
subject to DoD’s right to extend for three additional one-year terms. The contracts
were awarded by DoD through a competitive bidding process, and we may be
required to go through a new competitive bidding process when our existing
contracts expire. Although
our contracts with DoD do not allow DoD to terminate for convenience, each
contract requires us to meet specified performance benchmarks. The contracts
may be terminated by DoD if rate of return performance ratios do not exceed
specified benchmark ratios for two consecutive quarterly periods and the
preceding 12 months. Although, to date, we have never failed to meet the
required benchmark ratios during any of the testing periods, we cannot assure
you that we will meet the performance benchmarks in the future. DoD also has
the right, after giving us notice and a 30 day opportunity to cure, to
terminate the contracts and seek other contract remedies in the event of
material breaches. Unfavorable findings
resulting from a government investigation or audit could subject us to a
variety of penalties and sanctions, could negatively impact our future
operating results and could force us to adjust previously reported operating
results. In July 2006,
the Government Accountability Office, or GAO, issued a report citing weaknesses
in DoD excess inventory control procedures and lax security at selected DoD
facilities with respect to surplus property. The GAO report refers to our
company and asserts that we failed to verify the appropriate DoD regulatory
classifications for certain items we sold and, as a result, we sold items we
should have instead returned to the DoD. We believe that, under our DoD
contracts, we do not have a contractual responsibility to assign these
classifications and believe that the DoD has the contractual obligation to
assign these classifications. The GAO report also identified at least 79 buyers
that collectively purchased 2,669 sensitive military items and stated that the
GAO was referring these sales to federal law enforcement agencies for
investigation. These buyers may have acquired these sensitive military items
from us. It is 11 possible that other government and law enforcement
agencies may also investigate these sales, our company and our activities under
our DoD contracts. If an investigation alleges that we engaged in improper or
illegal activities, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties and
administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of
profits, suspension of payments, fines, and suspension or debarment from doing
business with U.S. federal government agencies. We could also suffer serious
harm to our reputation if allegations of impropriety are made against us,
whether or not these allegations have merit. If we are suspended or debarred
from contracting with the federal government generally, or any specific agency,
if our reputation or relationship with government agencies is impaired, or if
the government otherwise ceases doing business with us or significantly
decreases the amount of business it does with us, our revenue and profitability
would substantially decrease. The
federal government has the right to audit our performance under our government
contracts. Any adverse findings from audits or reviews of our performance under
our contracts could result in a significant adjustment to our previously
reported operating results. For example, our DoD contracts provide that we
share sales profits with the government. The federal government may disagree
with our calculation of the profits realized from the sales of government
surplus assets and may require us to increase profit-sharing payments to the
government that have been made in the past. If this occurs, our past operating
margins may be reduced. The results of an audit by the government could
significantly limit the volume and type of merchandise made available to us under
our contracts with the DoD, resulting in lower gross merchandise volume,
revenue, and profitability for our company. If such a government audit uncovers
improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to the civil and criminal
penalties, administrative sanctions and reputational harm described above. If,
as the result of such an audit, we are suspended or debarred from contracting
with the federal government generally, or any specific agency, if our
reputation or relationship with government agencies is impaired, or if the
government otherwise ceases doing business with us or significantly decreases
the amount of business it does with us, our revenue and profitability would
substantially decrease. The success of our
business depends on our ability to successfully obtain a supply of merchandise
for our buyers and to attract and retain active professional buyers to create
sufficient demand for our sellers. Our ability to increase
our revenue and maintain profitability depends on whether we can successfully
expand the supply of merchandise available for sale on our online marketplaces
and attract and retain active professional buyers to purchase the merchandise.
Our ability to attract sufficient quantities of suitable merchandise and new
buyers will depend on various factors, some of which are out of our control.
These factors include our ability to: · offer sellers liquid
marketplaces for their wholesale, surplus and salvage assets; · offer buyers a sufficient
supply of merchandise; · develop and implement
effective sales and marketing strategies; · comply with regulatory or
corporate seller requirements affecting marketing and disposition of certain
categories of merchandise; · efficiently catalogue,
handle, store, ship and track merchandise; and · achieve
high levels of seller and buyer satisfaction with the trading experience. 12 We
may not be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors. The online services market
for auctioning or liquidating wholesale, surplus and salvage assets is
competitive and growing rapidly. Competitive pressures could affect our ability
to attract and retain customers, which could decrease our revenue and
negatively affect our operating results. We currently compete with: · other e-commerce providers,
such as Amazon.com, GSICommerce and
Overstock.com; · auction websites, such as
eBay, Yahoo! Auctions and uBid; · government agencies that
have created websites to sell wholesale, surplus and salvage assets; and · traditional
liquidators and fixed-site auctioneers. We
expect our market to become even more competitive as traditional and online
liquidators and auctioneers continue to develop online and offline services for
disposition, redeployment and remarketing of wholesale, surplus and salvage
assets. In addition, manufacturers, retailers and government agencies may
decide to create their own websites to sell their own wholesale, surplus and
salvage assets and those of third parties. Some
of our other current and potential competitors have longer operating histories,
larger client bases, greater brand recognition and significantly greater
financial, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, some of these
competitors may be able to devote greater financial resources to marketing and
promotional campaigns, secure merchandise from sellers on more favorable terms,
adopt more aggressive pricing or inventory availability policies and devote
substantially more resources to website and systems development than we are
able to do. Increased competition may result in reduced operating margins and loss of market share. We may not be able to
compete successfully against current and future competitors. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our operating results
could be adversely affected. We
have expanded our operations rapidly since 