of lipids and inflammation (measured by C-reactive protein) were also observed. The biomarker and other secondary endpoint results of the trial are expected to become available in the first half of 2015. In 2015, we plan to establish the regulatory path
for a registration program with U.S. and European Union regulatory authorities for our HIAO program, and will decide whether to pursue additional clinical trials of beloranib in patients with HIAO following completion of our Phase 3 clinical program
of beloranib in patients with PWS. We plan to seek orphan drug designation for the treatment of craniopharyngioma-associated obesity in the United States and European Union. We are pursuing clinical development of beloranib as a treatment for severely obese patients in the general population, including patients
otherwise eligible for bariatric surgery. Bariatric surgery eligibility criteria generally identify surgical candidates as those patients with body mass indices, or BMIs, greater than 40 kg/m 2 , or
those with BMIs over 35 kg/m 2 who also have a significant and uncontrolled co-morbid condition. Based on these criteria, it is estimated conservatively that there will be at least 16 million
adults in the United States eligible for bariatric surgery by the time beloranib or another MetAP2 inhibitor could become available commercially. Bariatric surgery results in significant weight loss, but the financial expense and the potential for
complications, adverse events and longer-term side effects limit its overall adoption, with only a few hundred thousand patients in the United States undergoing bariatric surgery each year. Existing pharmacotherapies result in less weight loss than
surgical options, and these therapies not only have undesirable side effects, but also have risk of abuse. Due to the significant barriers associated with bariatric surgery and the limited weight loss potential of currently marketed pharmaceutical
products, there is a significant unmet need for the treatment of patients with severe obesity. We believe this patient population would benefit from MetAP2 inhibitor treatment through the reduction of body weight and through improvement of other
co-morbid conditions. In 2013, we completed a 12-week Phase 2a clinical trial of beloranib administered twice weekly in obese patients.
We observed placebo-adjusted weight loss of up to 10.3% after 12 weeks of treatment with beloranib. In addition, we observed reductions in levels of low density lipoprotein cholesterol, C-reactive protein and systolic blood pressure. Patients
treated with beloranib also reported reduced hunger, as assessed using a visual analog scale, a widely used self-reported measure of hunger and related endpoints. We initiated a Phase 2b clinical trial of beloranib as a treatment for severe obesity
in the general population in patients who also have type 2 diabetes in December 2014. We expect to report interim six month data from this clinical trial in late 2015 or early 2016. We are also evaluating additional proprietary MetAP2
inhibitors beyond beloranib as potential development 73 Table of Contents candidates that would provide increased patient convenience in the form of oral dosing, or an otherwise improved clinical profile. A decision on whether to subsequently advance beloranib into
pivotal trials for severe obesity or to leverage the opportunity to advance another MetAP2 inhibitor into early development for severe obesity is anticipated to be made on the basis of results obtained from our Phase 3 clinical trial of beloranib in
patients with PWS and discussions with regulatory authorities. MetAP2 inhibitors may also have utility in the treatment of other metabolic diseases, such as nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH. In a mouse model of diabetes and NASH, our second
product candidate, ZGN-839, a MetAP2 inhibitor, reduced the severity of NASH. Beloranib is a novel, first-in-class injectable small
molecule therapy with a unique mechanism of action that reduces hunger while stimulating the use of stored fat as an energy source. Beloranib is the first anti-obesity agent with the potential to address two important abnormalities that are present
in the obese patient—hunger that is inappropriate relative to the amount of energy stored as fat and dysregulation of fat metabolism, which causes more fat to be made and stored in an obese patient than in a lean person. Beloranib acts through
potent inhibition of MetAP2, an enzyme that modulates the activity of key cellular processes that control metabolism. MetAP2 inhibitors work, at least in part, by directing MetAP2 binding to cellular stress mediators, thereby reducing the tone of
signals that drive lipid synthesis by the liver and fat storage throughout the body. In this manner, MetAP2 inhibition serves the purpose of re-establishing balance to the ways the body packages and metabolizes fat and glucose. MetAP2 inhibitors
reduce the production of new fatty acid molecules by the liver and help convert stored fats into useful energy, while reducing hunger. We
have completed six clinical trials, including three Phase 2 clinical trials, evaluating beloranib in over 200 patients. Although these clinical trials were of short duration and designed to demonstrate safety and tolerability, significant
decreases in both body weight and sense of hunger were observed in patients treated with beloranib when compared to the placebo group. Additional clinical trials of longer-term treatment with beloranib designed to demonstrate efficacy are required
before we can submit an NDA for beloranib as a treatment for any indication that we are pursuing. In our ongoing Phase 2b clinical trial of beloranib as a treatment for severe obesity in the general population and our ongoing Phase 3 clinical
program of beloranib as a treatment for obesity and hyperphagia patients with PWS, patients are being treated with beloranib for a substantially longer period of time than as treated in our earlier clinical trials. In addition, we observed
improvements in cardiovascular disease risk factors such as plasma total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol and C-reactive protein. Across our completed clinical trials, beloranib has been well-tolerated at doses in the range of 1.0 mg
to 2.0 mg administered twice weekly, and has not been associated with serious side effects. Laboratory safety measures, vital signs and electrocardiograms have been unremarkable in all completed clinical trials for all doses of beloranib tested. 74 Table of Contents Product Pipeline The following table summarizes our product pipeline and development status of our product candidates for the treatment of indications we are
currently pursuing: Indication Product Candidate Stage of Development Development Status Obesity and hyperphagia in patients with PWS Beloranib Phase 3 •  Phase 2a clinical trial
completed •  Phase 3 clinical
trial of beloranib in patients with PWS began in the United States in September 2014, with six month data anticipated in late 2015 •  Phase 3 clinical trial of beloranib in patients with PWS in the European Union expected to begin in
the middle of 2015 HIAO Beloranib Phase 2 •  Phase 2 clinical trial recently completed Severe obesity in the general population Beloranib Phase 2b •  Phase 2a clinical trial completed •  Phase 2b clinical trial began
in December 2014 with interim six month data anticipated in late 2015 or early 2016 •  Advancement into pivotal trials under consideration Second-generation MetAP2 inhibitors Pre-clinical •  Development candidates under consideration Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and abdominal obesity ZGN-839 Pre-clinical •  Pre-clinical studies ongoing •  Investigational New Drug
Application, or IND, filing anticipated by the middle of 2015 Populations of Interest Obesity Caused by Rare Conditions Obesity is a complex medical disorder involving appetite dysregulation and altered lipid and energy metabolism that results in excessive
accumulation of fat tissue. We initially plan to develop beloranib for the treatment of subpopulations of obese patients, including those with rare conditions such as PWS and HIAO, where obesity is a co-morbidity of an underlying condition. These
conditions frequently are characterized by increased and life-threatening hunger that occurs secondary to damage to the hypothalamus, genetic conditions affecting embryological development or function of the hypothalamus, or conditions that occur as
a result of certain drug side effects, radiation therapy, or other impairments to the normal function of the hypothalamus. Regardless of the causative agent or condition, the resultant damage to the hypothalamus impairs its normal function,
including the ability to modulate hunger. These conditions are most often associated with a severe and life-limiting form of obesity and neither dietary interventions nor currently available pharmaceutical therapies bring meaningful benefit to these
patients, for whom bariatric surgery is generally contra-indicated. Based on results from animal experiments in which compromised hypothalamic function caused hunger and obesity, we believe that beloranib may have utility in the treatment of severe
obesity and hyperphagia, or insatiable life-threatening hunger and hunger-related behavior, in human disease settings in which hypothalamic food intake control centers are compromised. We are developing beloranib in these subpopulations of patients
as a treatment for obesity and hyperphagia in patients with PWS and HIAO, and are continuing to explore the use of beloranib as a treatment for severe obesity in the general population. 75 Table of Contents PWS PWS is the most common known genetic cause of life-threatening obesity. PWS is a rare and complex non-inherited genetic disorder, which results
from abnormalities of the fifteenth chromosome. Symptoms associated with PWS are believed to result, in part