You should carefully read and consider the information set forth in the section titled “Risk Factors,” together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in our common stock. Proposed Nasdaq trading symbol “LSH” 6 RISK FACTORS Investing in the common
stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as other information included or incorporated
by reference in this prospectus, before making an investment in our company. The risks discussed below could materially and adversely
affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, ability to pay dividends and the trading price
of our common stock. We may face additional risks and uncertainties aside from the ones mentioned below. There may be risks and uncertainties
that we are unaware of, or that we currently do not consider material, which may become important factors that adversely affect our business
in the future. Any of the following risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and ability to pay dividends. In such case, the market prices of the common stock could decline, and you may lose
part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our business and growth are significantly
affected by the development of international commerce, e-commerce and social commerce industries, as well as macroeconomic and other factors
that affect demand for cross-border supply chain solutions and services, in the U.S. and globally. We are a U.S.-based integrated
cross-border supply chain solution provider with a strategic focus on the Asian market including China and South Korea. Our customers
are typically Asia- and U.S.-based logistics service companies serving large e-commerce platforms, social commerce platforms and manufacturers
to sell and transport consumer and industrial goods made in Asia into the U.S. As such, our business and growth are highly dependent
on the viability and prospects of international commerce, as well as the domestic and international e-commerce and social commerce industries.
Any uncertainties relating to the growth, profitability and regulatory oversight of international commerce, e-commerce or social commerce
industries could have a significant impact on us. The developments of international commerce, e-commerce and social commerce industries
are affected by a number of factors, most of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: ● the consumption power and disposable income of consumers,
as well as changes in demographics and consumer tastes and preferences; ● the potential impact of the COVID-19 and other pandemics
on our business operations and the economy in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world generally; ● the growth of broadband and mobile Internet penetration and
usage; ● the availability, reliability and security of e-commerce
and social commerce platforms; ● the selection, price and popularity of products offered on
e-commerce and social commerce platforms; ● the emergence of alternative channels or business models
that better suit the needs of consumers; ● the development of logistics, payment and other ancillary
services associated with international commerce, e-commerce and social commerce; and ● changes in laws and regulations, as well as government policies
that govern international commerce, trade, e-commerce and social commerce industries. International commerce, e-commerce
and social commerce industries are highly sensitive to the changes of macroeconomic conditions, and consumers’ e-commerce and social
commerce spending tends to decline during recessionary periods. Many factors beyond our control, including economic recessions, downturns
in business cycles, inflation and deflation, fluctuation of currency exchange rate, volatility of stock and property markets, changes
in interest rates, tax rates and other government policies, and increases in unemployment rates, can adversely affect international commerce,
consumer confidence and spending behavior on e-commerce and social commerce platforms, which could in turn materially and adversely affect
our growth and profitability. In addition, unfavorable changes in domestic and international politics, including military conflicts, political
turmoil and social instability, may also adversely affect consumer confidence and spending behavior, which could in turn negatively impact
our growth and profitability. 7 Further, the cross-border supply
chain solution industry has historically experienced cyclical fluctuations in operational and financial performance due to economic recessions,
reductions in per capita disposable income and levels of consumer spending, downturns in the business cycles of customers, interest rate
fluctuations and economic factors beyond our control. During economic downturns, whether in the U.S. or globally, reduced overall
demand for cross-border supply chain services will likely result in decreased demand for our solutions and services and may exert downward
pressures on our rates and margins. As we provide a significant portion of our supply chain solutions and logistics services for the international
commerce, e-commerce and social commerce industries, if the online and offline retail channel integration trend or any other trend required
for the development of international commerce, e-commerce or social commerce industry does not develop as we expect, our business prospects
may be adversely affected. In periods of strong economic growth, demand for limited transportation resources can also result in increased
network congestion and operational inefficiencies. Any deterioration in the economic
environment subjects our business to various risks that may have a material impact on our operating results and future prospects. Any
trade barriers, legal measures and exchange rate fluctuations may severely affect cross-border business activities or integrated supply
chain solution providers that are highly sensitive to price changes. In such deteriorated economic environment, some of our customers
may face difficulties in paying us, and some may go out of business. These customers may not complete their payments as quickly as they
did in the past, if at all, which would have an adverse impact on our working capital. We may not be able to promptly adjust our expenses
in response to changing market demands or match our staffing levels to our business needs, which may have an adverse impact on our profitability. We face intense competition which could
adversely affect our results of operations and market share. We offer a wide variety of
integrated services within cross-border ocean freight solutions and cross-border airfreight solutions, including (i) cross-border
freight consolidation and forwarding services, (ii) customs clearance services, (iii) warehousing and distribution services
and (iv) U.S. domestic ground transportation services. The industries we operate in are highly competitive and fragmented. As
a result, we may compete with a broad range of companies, such as integrated supply chain solution and service providers, cross-border
freight delivery service providers, customs clearance services providers, U.S. domestic ground transportation service providers and
other bonded warehouses. Specifically, there are multiple existing market players that offer integrated supply chain solutions and logistics
services, and there may be new entrants emerging in each of the markets we operate in, which compete to attract, engage, and retain consumers
and merchants. These companies may have greater financial, technological, research and development, marketing, distribution, and other
resources than we do. They may have longer operating histories, a larger customer base or broader and/or deeper market coverage. As a
result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively to new or evolving opportunities, technologies, standards,
or user requirements than we do and may have the ability to initiate or withstand significant regulatory changes and industry evolvement.
Furthermore, when we expand into other markets, we will face competition from new competitors, domestic or foreign, who may also enter
markets where we currently operate or plan to operate. Any significant increase in
competition may have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability as well as on our operations and business prospects.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to continuously distinguish our services from those of our competitors, preserve and improve
our relationships with various participants in the supply chain solution industry, or increase or even maintain our existing market share.
We may experience the loss of market share, and our financial condition and results of operations may deteriorate if we fail to compete
effectively. In addition, new partnerships
and strategic alliances in the supply chain solution industry also can alter market dynamics and adversely impact our businesses and competitive
positioning. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative or strategic relationships amongst themselves or with
third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these competitive challenges,
our competitive position could be undermined, and we could experience a decline in growth which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 8 We face risks associated with our service
providers and their personnel. We have established an extensive
and long-standing collaboration network of service providers. Since inception and as of June 30,
2024, we had collaborated with almost all major global ocean and air carriers to forward over 31,300 twenty-foot e