” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview We are a clinical stage
biotechnology company, focused on leveraging artificial intelligence (“A.I.”), machine learning and genomic data to
streamline the drug development process and to identify the patients that will benefit from our targeted oncology therapies. Our
portfolio of therapies consists of small molecules that others have tried, but failed, to develop into an approved commercialized
drug, as well as new compounds that we are developing with the assistance of our proprietary A.I. platform and our biomarker driven
approach. Our A.I. platform, known as RADR ® , currently includes more than one billion data points, and uses big
data analytics (combining molecular data, drug efficacy data, data from historical studies, data from scientific literature, phenotypic
data from trials and publications, and mechanistic pathway data) and machine learning to rapidly uncover biologically relevant
genomic signatures correlated to drug response, and then identify the cancer patients that we believe may benefit most from our
compounds. This data-driven, genomically-targeted and biomarker-driven approach allows us to pursue a transformational drug development
strategy that identifies, rescues or develops, and advances potential small molecule drug candidates at what we believe is a fraction
of the time and cost associated with traditional cancer drug development. Our strategy is to
both develop new drug candidates using our RADR ® platform, and other machine learning driven methodologies, and
to pursue the development of drug candidates that have undergone previous clinical trial testing or that may have been halted in
development or deprioritized because of insufficient clinical trial efficacy (i.e., a meaningful treatment benefit relevant for
the disease or condition under study as measured against the comparator treatment used in the relevant clinical testing) or for
strategic reasons by the owner or development team responsible for the compound. Importantly, these historical drug candidates
appear to have been well-tolerated in many instances, and often have considerable data from previous toxicity, tolerability and
ADME (absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion) studies that have been completed. Additionally, these drug candidates
may also have a body of existing data supporting the potential mechanism(s) by which they achieve their intended biologic effect,
but often require more targeted trials in a stratified group of patients to demonstrate statistically meaningful results. Our dual
approach to both develop de-novo, biomarker-guided drug candidates and “rescue” historical drug-candidates by leveraging
A.I., recent advances in genomics, computational biology and cloud computing is emblematic of a new era in drug development that
is being driven by data-intensive approaches meant to de-risk development and accelerate the clinical trial process. In this context,
we intend to create a diverse portfolio of oncology drug candidates for further development towards regulatory and marketing approval
with the objective of establishing a leading A.I.-driven, methodology for treating the right patient with the right oncology therapy. A key component of
our strategy is to target specific cancer patient populations and treatment indications identified by leveraging our RADR ® platform, a proprietary A.I. enabled engine created and owned by us. We believe the combination of our therapeutic area expertise,
our A.I. expertise, and our ability to identify and develop promising drug candidates through our collaborative relationships with
research institutions in selected areas of oncology gives us a significant competitive advantage. Our RADR ® platform
was developed and refined over the last four years and integrates millions of data points immediately relevant for oncology drug
development and patient response prediction using artificial intelligence and proprietary machine learning algorithms. By identifying
clinical candidates, together with relevant genomic and phenotypic data, we believe our approach will help us design more efficient
pre-clinical studies, and more targeted clinical trials, thereby accelerating our drug candidates’ time to approval and eventually
to market. Although we have not yet applied for or received regulatory or marketing approval for any of our drug candidates, we
believe our RADR ® platform has the ability to reduce the cost and time to bring drug candidates to specifically
targeted patient groups. We believe we have developed a sustainable and scalable biopharma business model by combining a unique,
oncology-focused big-data platform that leverages artificial intelligence along with active clinical and preclinical programs that
are being advanced in targeted cancer therapeutic areas to address today’s treatment needs. 67 Our current portfolio
consists of three active compounds in development: two drug candidates in clinical phases and, one in preclinical studies. All
of these drug candidates are leveraging precision oncology, A.I. and genomic driven approaches to accelerate and direct development
efforts. We currently have two drug candidates in clinical development, LP-100 and LP-300, where we are leveraging data from prior
preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with insights generated from our A.I. platform, to target the types of tumors and
patient groups that would be most responsive to the drug. Both LP-100 and LP-300 showed promise in prior clinical testing, but
failed pivotal Phase III trials where the overall results did not meet the required clinical endpoints due to what we believe was
a lack of patient stratification driven by an inability to develop biomarker-driven, precision oncology trials. Additionally, we
have one new drug candidate, LP-184, in preclinical development for two potentially distinct indications where we are leveraging
machine learning and genomic data to streamline the drug development process and to identify the patients and cancer subtypes that
will best benefit from the drug, if approved. Our development strategy
is to pursue an increasing number of oncology focused, molecularly targeted therapies where artificial intelligence and genomic
data can help us provide biological insights, reduce the risk associated with development efforts and help clarify potential patient
response. We plan on strategically evaluating these on a program-by-program basis as they advance into clinical development, either
to be done entirely by us or with our licensing partners to maximize the commercial opportunity and reduce the time it takes to
bring the right drug to the right patient To date, except for
a research grant in 2017, we have not generated any revenue, we have incurred net losses and our operations have been financed
primarily by sales of our equity securities. Our net losses were approximately $2,428,000 and $1,726,000 for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Our net losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 were approximately
($3,012,186) and ($1,753,018), respectively. Our net losses have
primarily resulted from costs incurred in licensing and developing the drug candidates in our pipeline, planning, preparing and
conducting preclinical studies, early stage clinical testing and general and administrative activities associated with our operations.
We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and corresponding increased operating losses for the foreseeable future as
we continue to develop our pipeline. Our costs may further increase as we conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials and potentially
seek regulatory clearance for and prepare to commercialize our drug candidates. We expect to incur significant expenses to continue
to build the infrastructure necessary to support our expanded operations, preclinical studies, clinical trials, commercialization,
including manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution functions. We have experienced and will continue to experience increased
costs associated with operating as a public company. Our operations,
including the development of our drug candidates, could be disrupted and materially adversely affected in the future by a pandemic,
epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease like the recent outbreak of COVID-19. For example, as a result of measures imposed
by the governments in regions affected by COVID-19, businesses and schools have been suspended due to quarantines or “stay
at home” orders intended to contain this outbreak. The spread of COVID-19 from China to other countries has resulted in
the Director General of the World Health Organization declaring the outbreak of COVID-19 as a Public Health Emergency of International
Concern (PHEIC), based on the advice of the Emergency Committee under the International Health Regulations (2005). On March 12,
2020, the President of the United States imposed international travel restrictions between the U.S. and Europe to supplement the
existing international travel restrictions between the US and certain Asian countries and, on March 13, 2020, declared a national
emergency in response to the likely spread of COVID-19. COVID-19 continues to spread globally and, as of September 30, 2020, has
spread to over 150 countries, including the United States. U.S. and international stock markets continue to experience fluctuations
and to be impacted from time to time by uncertainty associated with the impact of COVID-19 on the U.S., Chinese, European and
other economies and the reduced levels of international travel experienced since early 2020. The Dow Industrial Average and other
domestic and international stock indices have experienced substantial fluctuations during 2020 largely attributed to assessments
and expectations regarding the adverse effects of the pandemic on the world’s economies. We are continuing to assess our
business plans and the i