Any investment in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
You should consider carefully the following information about these risks,
together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before you
decide to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, results of operations and financial condition would likely
suffer. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could
decline, and you may lose all or part of the money you paid to buy our common
stock.

                         Risks Related to Our Business

Variations in quarterly operating results, due to factors including changes in
demand for our products and changes in our mix of net revenues, could cause our
stock price to decline.

   Our quarterly net revenues, expenses and operating results have varied in
the past and might vary significantly from quarter to quarter in the future. We
therefore believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results
are not a good indication of our future performance, and you should not rely on
them to predict our future performance or the future performance of our stock
price. Our short-term expense levels are relatively fixed and are based on our
expectations of future net revenues. If we were to experience a reduction in
net revenues in a quarter, we would likely be unable to adjust our short-term
expenditures. If this were to occur, our operating results for that quarter
would be harmed. If our operating results in future quarters fall below the
expectations of market analysts and investors, the price of our common stock
would likely fall. Other factors that might cause our operating results to
fluctuate on a quarterly basis include:

  . changes in the mix of net revenues attributable to higher-margin and
    lower-margin products;

  . customers' decisions to defer or accelerate orders;

  . variations in the size or timing of orders for our products;

  . short-term fluctuations in the cost or availability of critical
    components, such as flash memory;

  . changes in demand for our products generally;

  . loss of significant customers;

  . announcements or introductions of new products by our competitors;

  . defects and other product quality problems; and

  . changes in demand for devices that incorporate our connectivity products.

If we make unprofitable acquisitions or are unable to successfully integrate
any acquisition, our business could suffer.

   We have in the past and intend to continue in the future to acquire
businesses, client lists, products or technologies that we believe complement
or expand our existing business. In October 1998, we acquired ProNet GmbH, a
German supplier of industrial application Device Server Technology. In December
2000, we acquired USSC, a company that provides software solutions for use in
embedded technology applications. In June 2001, we acquired Lightwave, a
company that provides console management solutions. We have also announced that
we may acquire Premise Systems, a developer of client-side software
applications, and Synergetic, a provider of embedded network communications
solutions. Acquisitions of this type involve a number of risks, including:

  . difficulties in assimilating the operations and employees of acquired
    companies;

  . diversion of our management's attention from ongoing business concerns;

                                       6 . our potential inability to maximize our financial and strategic position
    through the successful incorporation of acquired technology and rights
    into our products and services;

  . additional expense associated with amortization of acquired assets;

  . maintenance of uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; and

  . impairment of existing relationships with employees, suppliers and
    customers as a result of the integration of new management employees.

   Any acquisition or investment could result in the incurrence of debt and the
loss of key employees. Moreover, we often assume specified liabilities of the
companies we acquire. Some of these liabilities, such as environmental and tort
liabilities, are difficult or impossible to quantify. If we do not receive
adequate indemnification for these liabilities our business may be harmed. In
addition, acquisitions are likely to result in a dilutive issuance of equity
securities. For example, we issued common stock and assumed options to acquire
our common stock in connection with our acquisitions of USSC and Lightwave. We
cannot assure you that any acquisitions or acquired businesses, client lists,
products or technologies associated therewith will generate sufficient net
revenues to offset the associated costs of the acquisitions or will not result
in other adverse effects. Moreover, from time to time we may enter into
negotiations for the acquisition of businesses, client lists, products or
technologies, but be unable or unwilling to consummate the acquisition under
consideration. This could cause significant diversion of managerial attention
and out of pocket expenses to us. We could also be exposed to litigation as a
result of an unconsummated acquisition, including claims that we failed to
negotiate in good faith, misappropriated confidential information or other
claims.

We intend to continue to devote significant resources to our research and
development which, if not successful, could cause a decline in our revenues and
could harm our business.

   We intend to continue to devote significant resources to research and
development in the coming years to enhance and develop additional products. For
the nine months ended March 31, 2001, we spent $3.2 million on research and
development, which comprised 8.4% of our net revenues. Over the next two years
we intend to substantially increase our research and development expenditures,
including planned increases in personnel, material costs and depreciation
resulting from higher expenditures. If we are unable to develop new products as
a result of this effort, or if the products we develop are not successful, our
business could be harmed. Even if we do develop new products that are accepted
by our target markets, the net revenues from these products might not be
sufficient to justify our investment in research and development.

Net revenues from our legacy products, which include our Print Servers,
switches, hubs and other products, have decreased significantly and we expect
that net revenues from these lines of products will continue to decline in the
future as we focus our efforts on the development of other product lines.

   Since 1993, net revenues from our legacy products have accounted for a
significant portion of our net revenues but have declined significantly
recently. For example, for the year ended June 30, 1999, net revenues from our
legacy products were $12.2 million or 37.1% of our net revenues, compared to
$9.9 million or approximately 21.9% of our net revenues for the year ended June
30, 2000. For the nine months ended March 31, 2000, net revenues from our
legacy products were $8.1 million or 24.7% of our net revenues compared to $3.0
million or 7.9% of our net revenues for the nine months ended March 31, 2001.
We anticipate that net revenues from our legacy products will continue to
decline in the future as we plan to continue to focus on the development of our
current Device Server product line, which we introduced in mid-1998. We do not
know if this transition in product development will be successful. We do not
know whether our new product line will be accepted by our current and future
target markets to the extent we anticipate. If the expected decline in net
revenues attributable to our legacy products is not offset by increases in net
revenues from our Device Server line of products, our business would be harmed.

                                       7 There is a risk that our OEM customers will develop their own internal
expertise in network-enabling products, which could result in reduced sales of
our products.

   For most of our existence we primarily sold our products to VARs, system
integrators and OEMs. Although we intend to continue to use all of these sales
channels, we have begun to focus more heavily on selling our products to OEMs.
Selling products to OEMs involves unique risks, including the risk that OEMs
will develop internal expertise in network-enabling products or will otherwise
provide network functionality to their products without using our Device
Server Technology. If this were to occur, our stock price could decline in
value and you could lose part or all of your investment.

We might be unable to manage our growth, and if we cannot do so, our business
would be harmed.

   Our business has grown rapidly. At March 31, 1999, we had 77 employees and
as of March 31, 2000, we had 128 employees. As of March 31, 2001, we had 197
employees. In addition, we have experienced expansion in our manufacturing and
shipping requirements, our product lines and our customer base. This rapid
expansion has placed significant strain on our administrative, operational and
financial resources. These changes have increased the complexity of managing
our company. Our current systems, management and other resources will need to
grow rapidly in order to meet the demands of any future growth. If we are
unable to successfully expand and improve our systems as required, or if we
are otherwise unable to manage any future growth, our business will be harmed.

New product introductions and pricing strategies by our competitors could
adversely affect our ability to sell our products and could reduce our market
share or result in pressure to reduce the price of our products.

   The market for our products is intensely competitive, subject to rapid
change and is significantly affected by new product introductions and the
pricing strategies of our competitors. We face competition pr