See “ Risk Factors ”
    and the other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should consider
    before investing in our securities. Market for Common Stock Our common stock is currently
    traded on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “LUCD.” 4 RISK
FACTORS Our
business involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the other information
contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including the information in Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in our annual
report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference and any amendment or update thereto reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC and incorporated by reference in
this prospectus. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors
below will not occur. These risks could have a material and adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. If any such events were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose
all or part of your investment. Risks
Related to the Committed Equity Financing It
is not possible to predict the actual number of shares of Common Stock, if any, we will sell under the Purchase Agreement to Cantor,
or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. On
March 28, 2022, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Cantor, pursuant to which Cantor has committed to purchase up to $50.0 million
shares of our Common Stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement. The shares of Common Stock
that may be issued under the Purchase Agreement may be sold by us to Cantor at our discretion from time to time until the first day of
the month next following the 36-month period commencing on the date of this prospectus. We
generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any sales of shares to Cantor under the Purchase Agreement. Sales of shares,
if any, to Cantor under the Purchase Agreement will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined by us. We may ultimately
decide to sell to Cantor all, some or none of the shares of Common Stock that may be available for us to sell to Cantor pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement. Because
the purchase price per shares to be paid by Cantor for the shares of Common Stock that we may elect to sell to Cantor under the Purchase
Agreement, if any, will fluctuate based on the market prices of our Common Stock at the time we elect to sell shares to Cantor pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, if any, it is not possible for us to predict, as of the date of this prospectus and prior to any such sales,
the number of shares of Common Stock that we will sell to Cantor under the Purchase Agreement, the purchase price per share that Cantor
will pay for shares of Common Stock purchased from us under the Purchase Agreement, or the aggregate gross proceeds that we will receive
from those purchases by Cantor under the Purchase Agreement. Although
the Purchase Agreement provides that we may, in our discretion, from time to time after the date of this prospectus and during the term
of the Purchase Agreement, direct Cantor to purchase shares of our Common Stock from us in one or more purchases under the Purchase Agreement,
for a maximum aggregate purchase price of up to $50.0 million, only 15,000,000 shares of Common Stock are being registered for resale
under the registration statement that includes this prospectus. However, because the market prices of our Common Stock may fluctuate
from time to time after the date of this prospectus and, as a result, the actual purchase prices to be paid by Cantor for shares of our
Common Stock that we direct it to purchase under the Purchase Agreement, if any, also may fluctuate significantly based on the market
price of our Common Stock. Accordingly,
if we decide to issue and sell to Cantor under the Purchase Agreement more than the 15,000,000 shares being registered for resale under
this registration statement in order to receive additional proceeds (which we may elect to do, at our sole discretion, up to aggregate
gross proceeds of $50.0 million), we must first file with the SEC one or more additional registration statements to register the resale
under the Securities Act by Cantor of any such additional shares of Common Stock we wish to sell from time to time under the Purchase
Agreement, which the SEC must declare effective before we may elect to sell any such additional shares to Cantor under the Purchase Agreement.
Any issuance and sale by us under the Purchase Agreement of a substantial amount of shares of Common Stock in addition to the 15,000,000
shares being registered for resale by Cantor under this prospectus could cause additional substantial dilution to our shareholders. The
number of shares of Common Stock ultimately offered for sale by Cantor is dependent upon the number of shares, if any, we ultimately
elect to sell to Cantor under the Purchase Agreement. However, even if we elect to sell shares of Common Stock to Cantor pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement, Cantor may resell all, some or none of such shares at any time or from time to time in its sole discretion and
at different prices. 5 A
substantial number of shares of our Common Stock may be sold in this offering, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. The
sale of shares to be issued in this offering in the public market, or any future sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common
Stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock on the
Nasdaq Global Market. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of those shares of common stock or the availability of
those shares of common stock for sale will have on the market price of our Common Stock. Investors
who buy shares of Common Stock from the Holder at different times will likely pay different prices. Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, we will have discretion, to vary the timing, price and number of shares sold to Cantor. If and when we elect
to sell shares of Common Stock to Cantor pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, after Cantor has acquired such shares, Cantor may resell
all, some or none of such shares at any time or from time to time in its sole discretion and at different prices. As a result, investors
who purchase shares from Cantor in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices for those shares, and so may experience
different levels of dilution and in some cases substantial dilution and different outcomes in their investment results. Investors may
experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase from Cantor in this offering as a result of future sales made by us to
Cantor at prices lower than the prices such investors paid for their shares in this offering. In addition, if we sell a substantial number
of shares to Cantor under the Purchase Agreement, or if investors expect that we will do so, the actual sales of shares or the mere existence
of our arrangement with Cantor may make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time
and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect such sales. We
will require additional capital funding, the receipt of which may impair the value of our common stock. Our
future capital requirements depend on many factors, including our research, development, and sales and marketing activities. We intend
to continue to make investments to support our business growth. Because we have not generated any revenue or cash flow to date, we may
require additional funds to: ● continue our research and development; ● pursue clinical trials; ● commercialize our products and services; ● achieve market acceptance of our products and services; ● expand our sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities
    for our products and services; ● protect our intellectual property rights or defend,
    in litigation or otherwise, any claims we infringe third-party patents or other intellectual property rights; ● invest in businesses, products and technologies, although
    we currently have no commitments or agreements relating to do so; and ● otherwise fund our operations. If
we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds, we may have to delay product development initiatives or license to third
parties the rights to commercialize products or technologies we would otherwise seek to market. We also may have to reduce marketing,
customer support or other resources devoted to our products. We
expect to need to raise additional capital beyond the Facility through public or private equity or debt offerings or through arrangements
with strategic partners or other sources in order to continue to develop and commercialize our products and product candidates. There
can be no assurance that such additional capital will be available when needed or on terms satisfactory to us, if at all. To the extent
we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution and the new equity securities
may have greater rights, preferences or privileges than our existing common stock. 6 We
do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends on our common stock in the future
will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition and will be within the
discretion of our board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in
our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends on our common stock in the
foreseeable future. 