Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described
below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and
related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do
not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you
could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our limited operating history and our evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and challenges
we may encounter. We have been focused on ridesharing since our ridesharing marketplace launched in 2012, and our business
continues to evolve. We regularly expand our platform features, offerings, services and pricing methodologies. This relatively limited operating history and our evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks and
challenges we may encounter. These risks and challenges include our ability to: • forecast our revenue and budget for and manage our expenses; • attract new qualified drivers and new riders and retain existing qualified drivers and existing riders in a
cost-effective manner; • comply with existing and new laws and regulations applicable to our business; • plan for and manage capital expenditures for our current and future offerings, including our network of shared
bikes and scooters, and manage our supply chain and supplier relationships related to our current and future offerings; • anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes and changes in the markets in which we operate; • maintain and enhance the value of our reputation and brand; • effectively manage our growth; • successfully expand our geographic reach; • hire, integrate and retain talented people at all levels of our organization; and • successfully develop new platform features, offerings and services to enhance the experience of users. If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed
above as well as those described elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, because we have limited historical financial data and operate in a
rapidly evolving market, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter
in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our
business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 20 Table of Contents We have a history of net losses and we may not be able to achieve or maintain
profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses each year since our inception and we may not be able to achieve or
maintain profitability in the future. We incurred net losses of $682.8 million, $688.3 million and $911.3 million in 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively. Our expenses will likely increase in the future as we develop and launch new
offerings and platform features, expand in existing and new markets, increase our sales and marketing efforts and continue to invest in our platform. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth
in our business. For example, we have recently expanded to include more asset-intensive offerings such as our network of shared bikes and scooters. We are also expanding the support available to drivers at our Driver Hubs and through our Express
Drive vehicle rental program. These offerings require significant capital investments and recurring costs, including maintenance, depreciation, asset life and asset replacement costs, and if we are not able to maintain sufficient levels of
utilization of such assets or such offerings are otherwise not successful, our investments may not generate sufficient returns and our financial condition may be adversely affected. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with
our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, we have granted RSUs to our employees and
directors, which vest upon the satisfaction of both a time-based condition and a performance-based condition. The time-based condition for a majority of such RSUs is satisfied over a period of four years. The performance-based condition of such RSUs
will be satisfied upon the effectiveness of this offering. As of December 31, 2018, no stock-based compensation expense had been recognized for such RSUs because a qualifying event as described above was not probable. In the quarter in which
this offering is completed, we will begin recording stock-based compensation expense based on the grant-date fair value of the RSUs using the accelerated attribution method. If this offering had been completed on December 31, 2018, we would
have recorded $684.8 million of cumulative stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs on that date, and an additional $643.2 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the RSUs, net of estimated
forfeitures, would be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately two years. In addition to stock-based compensation expense associated with the RSUs, as of December 31, 2018, we had unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
of approximately $9.6 million related to other outstanding equity awards, after giving effect to estimated forfeitures, which we expect to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately two years. Following the completion of this
offering, the stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs and other outstanding equity awards will result in increases in our expenses in future periods, in particular in the quarter in which this offering is completed. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses, we may continue to incur significant losses in the future and
may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The market for TaaS networks is
intensely competitive and characterized by rapid changes in technology, shifting rider needs and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. We expect competition to continue, both from current competitors and new entrants in the market
that may be well-established and enjoy greater resources or other strategic advantages. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these competitive challenges, our competitive position could weaken, or fail to improve, and we could experience a
decline in revenue or growth stagnation that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our main
ridesharing competitors in the United States and Canada include Uber, Gett (Juno) and Via. Our main competitors in the bike and scooter sharing market include Uber (Jump), Lime and Bird. We also compete with certain non-ridesharing TaaS network companies and taxi cab and livery companies as well as traditional automotive manufacturers, such as BMW, which have entered the TaaS market. 21 Table of Contents Additionally, there are other non-U.S.-based TaaS
network companies that may expand into the United States and Canada. There are also a number of companies developing autonomous vehicle technology that may compete with us in the future, including Alphabet (Waymo), Apple, Baidu, Uber and Zoox as
well as many other technology companies and automobile manufacturers and suppliers. We anticipate continued challenges from current competitors as well as from new entrants into the TaaS market. Certain of our competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, research and development, manufacturing and other resources, greater
name recognition, longer operating histories or a larger user base than we do. They may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of offerings and offer lower prices than we do, which could adversely affect our
results of operations. Further, they may have greater resources to deploy towards the research, development and commercialization of new technologies, including autonomous vehicle technology or bikes and scooters, or they may have other financial,
technical or resource advantages. These factors may allow our competitors to derive greater revenue and profits from their existing user bases, attract and retain new qualified drivers and new riders at lower costs or respond more quickly to new and
emerging technologies and trends. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative or strategic relationships amongst 