Before
you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together
with all of the other information included in this annual report before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following
risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. 11 RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS We
have a limited history of profitability. Since
inception on February 22, 2010 and through October 31, 2022, MamaMancini’s has raised approximately $22,500,000 in capital. During
this same period, we have recorded net accumulated losses totaling $(11,882,852). As of October 31, 2022, we had working capital of $3,164,855.
MamaMancini’s net income (loss) for the two most recent fiscal years ended January 31, 2022 and January 31, 2021 have been $(251,926)
and $4,067,206. MamaMancini’s ability to achieve continued profitability depends upon many factors, including its ability to develop
and commercialize products. There can be no assurance that MamaMancini’s will be able to achieve growth and profitability consistent
with historical performance. We
will need additional capital, which may be difficult to raise for a variety of reasons. While
the Company believes that it has adequate financing to execute its current growth plan, in the case that the Company exceeds its expected
growth, we would need to raise additional capital and/or significantly cut expenses and overhead in order to operate the business through
such date. Currently, we have no plan to raise additional capital, and our access to funding is always uncertain. There is no assurance
that additional equity or debt financing will be available to us when needed, on acceptable terms or even at all. In the event that we
are not able to secure financing, we may have to scale back our development plans or operations. The
majority of our business depends on a limited number of principal customers. Because
we depend on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our sales, a loss of a small number of these customers could
materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. During the nine months ended October 31, 2022, the Company earned revenues
from three customers representing approximately 26%, 13% and 10% of gross sales. As of October 31, 2022, five customers represented approximately
18%, 13%, 13%, 4% and 6%of total gross outstanding receivables, respectively. During the nine months ended October 31, 2021, the Company
earned revenues from three customers representing approximately 63% of gross sales. As of October 31, 2021, three customers represented
approximately 57% of total gross outstanding receivables. If these principal customers cease ordering products from us, our business
could be materially adversely affected. Competitive
product and pricing pressures in the food industry and the financial condition of customers and suppliers could adversely affect our
ability to gain or maintain market share and/or profitability. We
currently operate in the highly competitive food industry, competing with other companies that have varying abilities to withstand changing
market conditions. Any significant change in our relationship with a major customer, including changes in product prices, sales volume,
or contractual terms may impact financial results. Such changes may result because our competitors may have substantial financial, marketing,
and other resources that may change the competitive environment. If we are unable to establish economies of scale, marketing expertise,
product innovation, and category leadership positions to respond to changing market trends, or if we are unable to increase prices while
maintaining a customer base, our profitability and volume growth could be impacted in a materially adverse way. The success of our business
depends, in part, upon the financial strength and viability of our suppliers and customers. The financial condition of those suppliers
and customers is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our control. A significant deterioration of their financial
condition would adversely affect our financial results. We
face competition from companies who produce similar frozen products and other prepared foods, many of whom have longer operating histories
or who have substantially more financial resources. Many
of our competitors have been in business for a significantly longer period of time than we have and have learned manufacturing techniques
which can aid in efficiently producing their products. Additionally, many of these companies have successfully acquired a loyal customer
base that would be difficult for us to compete with. Such customers may be unwilling to purchase our products due to brand loyalty or
uncertainty in the highly competitive market in which we compete. In addition, if we gain traction in our particular niche of creating
gourmet prepared foods, major food companies with substantial marketing and financial resources may attempt to compete more directly
with us. In the event that such large companies do directly compete with us, our business may be adversely affected. 12 Our
operations are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”),
Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and other governmental entities and such regulations are subject to change from time to
time which could impact how we manage our production and sale of products. Federal budget cuts could result in furloughs for government
employees, including inspectors and reviewers for our supplier’s plants and products which could materially impact our ability
to manufacture regulated products. Our
food products which are manufactured in third-party facilities are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, the USDA and other national,
state, and local authorities. For example, we are subject to the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by
the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory program governs, among other things, the manufacturing, composition and ingredients, packaging,
and safety of food. Under this program, the FDA regulates manufacturing practices for foods through, among other things, its current
“good manufacturing practices” regulations, or GMP’s, and specifies the recipes for certain foods. Specifically, the
USDA defines “all natural” as a product that contains no artificial ingredients, coloring ingredients or chemical preservatives
and is minimally processed. The Company’s products were submitted to the USDA and approved as “all natural”. However,
should the USDA change their definition of “all natural” at some point in the future, or should MamaMancini’s change
their existing recipes to include ingredients that do not meet the USDA’s definition/ of “all natural”, our results
of operations could be adversely affected. The
FTC and other authorities regulate how we market and advertise our products, and we could be the target of claims relating to alleged
false or deceptive advertising under federal and state laws and regulations. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction
of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions, causing
our results of operations to be adversely affected. The
need for and effect of product recalls could have a material adverse impact on our business. If
any of our products become misbranded or adulterated, we may need to conduct a product recall. The scope of such a recall could result
in significant costs incurred as a result of the recall, potential destruction of inventory, and lost sales. Should consumption of any
product cause injury and/or illness, we also may be liable for monetary damages as a result of one or more product liability judgments
against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could cause a loss of consumer confidence in our food products and
could have a material adverse effect on the value of our brand, results of operations and prospects. We
may be subject to significant liability if the consumption of any of our products causes illness or physical harm. The
sale of food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury or illness to consumers. Such injuries or illness may result
from inadvertent mislabeling, tampering or product contamination or spoilage. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to recall
or withdraw products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if a situation does not necessitate a recall or
market withdrawal, product liability claims may be asserted against us. If the consumption of any of our products causes, or is alleged
to have caused, a health-related illness, we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability
claim is unsuccessful, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or physical harm could adversely
affect our reputation with existing and potential distributors, retailers and consumers and our corporate image and brand equity. Moreover,
claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against
others. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall or market withdrawal could have a material adverse effect on our
business, reputation and operating results. 13 The
impact of various food safety issues, environmental, legal, tax, and other regulations and related developments could adversely affect
our sales and profitability. Our
products are subject to numerous food safety and other laws and regulations regarding the manufacturing, marketing, and distribution
of food products, particularly the USDA, and state and local agencies. 