Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully
the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus, before making your decision to invest in shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks, and the risks described elsewhere
in this prospectus, including the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash
flow and per share trading price and could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our
Business We currently derive substantially all of our revenue from our Masimo SET platform and related products. If this technology
and the related products do not continue to achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. We are dependent upon the success and market acceptance of our proprietary Masimo Signal Extraction Technology, or Masimo SET. Currently, our primary product offerings are based on the Masimo SET platform. Continued market
acceptance of products incorporating Masimo SET will depend upon our ability to continue to provide evidence to the medical community that our products are cost-effective and provide significantly improved performance compared to conventional pulse
oximeters. Health care providers that currently have significant investments in competitive pulse oximetry products may be reluctant to purchase our products. If hospitals and other health care providers do not believe our Masimo SET platform to be
cost-effective, more accurate or reliable, they may not buy our products in sufficient quantities to enable us to be profitable. If we are unable to achieve additional market acceptance of our core technology or products incorporating Masimo SET, we
will not generate significant revenue growth from the sale of our products. If the patents we own or license, or our other intellectual
property rights, do not adequately protect our products, we may lose market share to our competitors and be unable to operate our business profitably. Our success depends significantly on our ability to protect our rights to the technologies used in our products, including Masimo SET and licensed Rainbow technology. We rely on patent protection, trade secrets, as well as a
combination of copyright and trademark laws and nondisclosure, confidentiality and other contractual arrangements to protect our technology. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or
permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. In addition, we cannot be assured that any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent to us. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or PTO, may deny or require
significant narrowing of claims in our pending patent applications, and patents issued as a result of the pending patent applications, if any, may not provide us with significant commercial protection or be issued in a form that is advantageous to
us. We could also incur substantial costs in proceedings before the PTO. These proceedings could result in adverse decisions as to the claims included in our patents. Our issued and licensed patents and those that may be issued or licensed in the future may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing
related products. Additionally, upon expiration of our issued or licensed patents, we may lose some of our rights to exclude others from making, using, selling or importing products using the technology based on the expired patents. We also must
rely on contractual rights with the third parties that license technology to us to protect our rights in the technology licensed to us. Although we have taken steps to protect our intellectual property and technology, there is no assurance that
competitors will not be able to design around our patents. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. We cannot assure you that we can meaningfully protect all our rights in our unpatented proprietary technology or that others will not 11 Table of Contents independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary products or processes or otherwise gain access to our unpatented proprietary
technology. We seek to protect our know-how and other unpatented proprietary technology with confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, or OEM partners, independent distributors and consultants.
However, such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements or in the event that our competitors discover
or independently develop similar or identical designs or other proprietary information. In addition, we rely on the use of registered and common law trademarks with respect to the brand names of some of our products. Our common law trademarks
provide less protection than our registered trademarks. Loss of rights in our trademarks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If we fail to apply for intellectual property protection
or if we cannot adequately protect our intellectual property rights in these foreign countries, our competitors may be able to compete more effectively against us, which could adversely affect our competitive position, as well as our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If third parties claim that we infringe their intellectual property rights, we may incur
liabilities and costs and may have to redesign or discontinue selling certain products. Companies in the medical device industry have
used intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Whether a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues, the determination of which is often uncertain. We face the risk of claims that
we have infringed on third parties’ intellectual property rights. Prior to launching major new products in our key markets, we normally evaluate existing intellectual property rights. However, searching for existing intellectual property rights
may not reveal important intellectual property and our competitors may also have filed for patent protection, which is not as yet a matter of public knowledge, or claimed trademark rights that have not been revealed through our availability
searches. Our efforts to identify and avoid infringing on third parties’ intellectual property rights may not always be successful. Any claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement, even those without merit, could: • increase the cost of our products; • be expensive and time consuming to defend; • result in us being required to pay significant damages to third parties; • force us to cease making or selling products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; • require us to redesign, reengineer or rebrand our products; • require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third party’s intellectual property, the terms
of which may not be acceptable to us; • require us to indemnify third parties pursuant to contracts in which we have agreed to provide indemnification to such parties for intellectual
property infringement claims; • divert the attention of our management; and • result in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of the affected products until the litigation is
resolved. In addition, new patents obtained by our competitors could threaten a product’s continued life in the
market even after it has already been introduced. 12 Table of Contents We believe competitors may currently be violating and may in the future violate our proprietary
rights, and we may bring additional litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which may result in substantial expense and may divert our attention from the implementation of our business strategy. We believe that the success of our business depends, in significant part, on obtaining patent protection for our products and technology, defending our
patents once obtained and preserving our trade secrets. We were previously involved in significant litigation to protect our patent position and may be required to engage in further litigation. In 2005, we settled a costly, six-year lawsuit against
Mallinckrodt, Inc., now a part of Tyco Healthcare, and one of its subsidiaries, Nellcor Puritan Bennett, Inc., collectively referred to as Nellcor, in which we claimed that Nellcor was infringing certain of our pulse oximetry signal processing
patents. See “Business—Nellcor Patent Litigation Settlement.” We believe that other competitors of ours, including some of our OEM partners, may be infringing at least one of our patents. See “Business—Competition.” Our
failure to pursue any potential claim could result in the loss of our proprietary rights and harm our position in the marketplace. Therefore, we may be forced to pursue litigation to enforce our rights. We cannot be certain that we will have the
required financial resources to pursue litigation or otherwise to protect these rights in the future. In addition, any future litigation could result in the diversion of management’s attention from the implementation of our business strategy
and may not be adequate to protect our intellectual property rights. Some of our products, including those based on licensed Rainbow
technology, are in development or have been recently introduced into the market and may not achieve market