” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2025 (the “2024 Form 10-K”) and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2025 filed with the SEC on August 12, 2025 (the “Q2 2025 10-Q”) and this summary is qualified in its entirety by that discussion. Moreover, we operate in a competitive and
rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible to predict the impact of all of these factors on our business, financial condition or results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and
uncertainties described below and under the heading “Risk Factors” in the 2024 Form 10-K and in the Q2 2025 Form 10-Q. Some of the principal risks we are exposed to include: • We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, which may make it difficult
to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses and have not generated any product revenue. We expect to incur continued losses for the
foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. • We will require substantial additional capital to finance our operations and achieve our goals. If we are unable
to raise capital when needed or on terms acceptable to us, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research or product development programs, any future commercialization efforts or other operations. • We are early in our development efforts and highly dependent on the success of our lead programs. If we are
unable to commercialize our therapeutic candidates or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. • Preclinical and clinical drug development is a lengthy and expensive process, with uncertain timelines and
outcomes. If preclinical studies or clinical trials of our therapeutic candidates are prolonged or delayed, we may be unable to obtain required regulatory approvals, and therefore be unable to 4 Table of Contents commercialize our therapeutic candidates or any of our future therapeutic candidates on a timely basis or at all. • We may not be successful in applying our Compass platform to identify targets with therapeutic potential or to
discover and develop safe, effective or commercially viable therapeutic candidates. • Certain of the diseases we, or which our partners, seek to treat have low prevalence and/or have available
therapies, and it may be difficult for us or our partners to identify patients with these diseases or face competition in the recruitment of these limited groups of patients, which may lead to difficulties in enrolling clinical trials. • Our Compass platform relies on access to high quality data repositories with paired genetic and clinical data and
loss of such access, or the inability to use such data, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. • We have entered, and may in the future enter, into strategic collaborations, transactions and licensing
partnerships for research, development or commercialization of our programs, including our first therapeutic candidate MZE001, and we may not be able to realize the full value of these partnerships or our partnered programs. • We face significant competition in an environment of rapid technological change and there is a possibility that
our competitors may achieve regulatory approval before us or develop therapies or technologies that are more advanced or effective than ours, which may harm our business and financial condition, and our ability to successfully market or
commercialize our therapeutic candidates. • Our success depends in part on our and our partners’ ability to obtain, maintain, enforce and protect our
intellectual property and proprietary rights. It is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights and technologies, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. If we are unable to adequately protect our technologies or
obtain and maintain patent protection for our technologies and products or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technologies and products similar or identical to
ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our technologies and products may be impaired. • If we are sued for infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating intellectual property or proprietary
rights of third parties, such litigation or disputes could be costly and time-consuming and could prevent or delay us from developing or commercializing our therapeutic candidates. Corporate Information We were
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 29, 2017, originally under the name Genetic Modifiers NewCo, Inc. We changed our name on July 5, 2018 to Modulus Therapeutics, Inc. and on September 25, 2018, to Maze
Therapeutics, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 171 Oyster Point Blvd., Suite 300, South San Francisco, California
94080, and our telephone number is (650) 850-5070. Our website address is www.mazetx.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated by
reference into, this prospectus. The mark “Maze Therapeutics,” the Maze logo, “Maze Compass” and all product
names are our registered or common law trademarks. All other service marks, trademarks and trade names appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and tradenames referred to in
this prospectus appear without the ® and ™ symbols, but those references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not
assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and tradenames. 5 Table of Contents Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company and a Smaller Reporting Company As a company with less than $1.235 billion in revenue during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an “emerging growth company,”
or “EGC,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). An EGC may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies.
These provisions include, but are not limited to: • being permitted to present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of reduced related
“Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” disclosure incorporated by reference in this prospectus; • not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, as amended (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting; • reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation arrangements; and • exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an EGC until the earliest to occur
of: (1) the last day of our fiscal year in which we have more than $1.235 billion in annual revenue; (2) the date we qualify as a “large accelerated filer,” as defined under Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”); (3) the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (4) the last day of our fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering. We have elected to take advantage of certain of the reduced disclosure obligations for EGCs in the registration statement of which this
prospectus is a part and may elect to take advantage of other reduced reporting requirements in future filings. As a result, the information that we provide to our stockholders may be different than you might receive from other public reporting
companies in which you hold equity interests. The JOBS Act provides that an EGC can take advantage of an extended transition period for
complying with new or revised accounting standards, until those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period to enable us to comply with new or revised accounting standards that have different
effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an EGC or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial
statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an EGC or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will
disclose the date on which adoption is required for non-EGCs and the date on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. We are also a “smaller reporting company,” or
“SRC,” and will continue to be an SRC so long as (i) the market value of our capital stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250.0 million measured on the last business day
of our second fiscal quarter or (ii) our annual revenue is less than $100.0 million during our most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our capital stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. If we are a SRC at the time we cease to be an EGC, we may cont