An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and the other information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of the risk factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our securities. 4 Table of Contents Nasdaq listing symbol Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “MBRX.” There is no established trading market for the common warrants or pre-funded warrants and we do not expect a market to develop. In addition, we do not intend to apply for the listing of the common warrants or pre-funded warrants on any national securities exchange or other trading market. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the common warrants and pre-funded warrants will be limited. The number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 14,127,494 shares outstanding as of May 29, 2025, and does not give effect to the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the pre-funded warrants being offered by us in this offering, as well as: ●       19,086,641 shares of common stock underlying outstanding warrants at a weighted average exercise price of $1.33 per share; ●       784,250 shares of common stock underlying outstanding options with a weighted average exercise price of $19.57 per share, which options vest over a three to four-year period; ●       334,047 shares of common stock underlying outstanding restricted stock units, which restricted stock units vest over a four-year period; ●       73,334 shares of common stock underlying outstanding performance-based restricted stock units, which performance-based restricted stock units vest dependent on specific milestones; ●       119,166 shares available for future issuance under the Moleculin Biotech, Inc. 2024 Stock Plan; and ●       the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the pre-funded warrants and the common warrants issued in this offering. Except as otherwise indicated, the information in this prospectus assumes no exercise of options or exercise of warrants, unless otherwise noted. 5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our securities, you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties discussed under “ Risk Factors ” in our latest annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety. You should carefully consider each of the following risks, together with all other information set forth in or incorporated in this prospectus, including the financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to buy our securities. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to this Offering If the Pricing Conditions are not met, the exercisability of the common warrants will be contingent upon us obtaining the Warrant Stockholder Approval. If we do not obtain Warrant Stockholder Approval, the common warrants will never become exercisable. If the Pricing Conditions are not met, the common warrants will not be immediately exercisable, as their exercisability is contingent upon us obtaining the requisite stockholder approvals under applicable rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. While we intend to promptly seek the Warrant Stockholder Approval, there is no guarantee that it will ever be obtained. In the event that we cannot obtain the Warrant Stockholder Approval, the common warrants may never become exercisable and will have no value. If required, we have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to hold a special meeting of stockholders on or prior to 60 days after the consummation of this offering in order to obtain the Warrant Stockholder Approval. There is no guarantee we will be able to hold the special meeting by such date, or at all. If we do not obtain the Warrant Stockholder Approval at the special meeting, we are obligated to call a meeting every ninety days thereafter to seek the Warrant Stockholder Approval until the earlier of the date on which the Warrant Stockholder Approval is obtained or the common warrants are no longer outstanding. We have broad discretion in how we use the proceeds of this offering and may not use these proceeds effectively, which could affect our results of operations and cause our common stock to decline. We will have considerable discretion in the application of the net proceeds of this offering. We intend to use the net proceeds to advance Annamycin and our other two drug portfolios through clinical development, advancing the remainder of the existing portfolio through preclinical studies and into INDs or their equivalent, sponsoring research at MD Anderson and HPI, and for working capital. As a result, investors will be relying upon management’s judgment with only limited information about our specific intentions for the use of the net proceeds of this offering. We may use the net proceeds for purposes that do not yield a significant return or any return at all for our stockholders. In addition, pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. If our stock price fluctuates after the offering, you could lose a significant part of your investment. The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other things, the risk factors described in this prospectus, and other factors beyond our control, such as fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us. Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rate changes or international currency fluctuations, may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. In the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. We will require additional capital funding, the receipt of which may impair the value of our common stock. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including our research, development, sales and marketing activities. We will need to raise additional capital through public or private equity or debt offerings or through arrangements with strategic partners or other sources in order to continue to develop our drug candidates. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available when needed or on terms satisfactory to us, if at all. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution and the new equity securities may have greater rights, preferences or privileges than our existing common stock. We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and currently do not plan to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 6 Table of Contents Purchasers in this offering may experience immediate and substantial dilution in net tangible book value. The public offering price per share of common stock and related common warrant and the public offering price of each pre-funded warrant and related common warrant may be substantially higher than the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock after giving effect to this offering. As a result of the dilution to investors purchasing securities in this offering, investors may receive significantly less than the purchase price paid in this offering, if anything, in the event of the liquidation of our company. See the section entitled “Dilution” below for a more detailed discussion of the dilution you will incur if you participate in this offering. To the extent shares are issued under outstanding options and warrants at exercise prices lower than the public offering price of our common stock in this offering, you will incur further dilution. Your ownership may be diluted if additional capital stock is issued to raise capital, to finance acquisitions or in connection with strategic transactions. We intend to seek to raise additional funds for our operations, to finance acquisitions or to develop strategic relationships by issuing equity or convertible debt securities in addition to the securities issued in this offering, which would reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority, without action or vote of the stockholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. In addition, we are seeking shareholder approval in July 2025 to increase our authorized shares of common stock to 150,000,000 shares. Future issuances of common or preferred stock would reduce your influence over matters on which stockholders vote and would be dilutive to earnings per share. In addition, any newly issued preferred stock could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to th