described below. Risks Related to Our Business Because we intend to continue to increase our commercial
loans, our credit risk may increase. At June 30, 2017,
our commercial loans totaled $332 million, or 25.8% of our total loans. We intend to increase our originations of commercial loans,
including working capital lines of credit, equipment financing, healthcare and medical receivables, documentary letters of credit
and standby letters of credit. These loans generally have more risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans and commercial
loans secured by real estate. Since repayment of commercial loans depends on the successful management and operation of the borrower’s
businesses, repayment of such loans can be affected by adverse conditions in the local and national economy. In addition, commercial
loans generally have a larger average size as compared with other loans such as residential loans, and the collateral for commercial
loans is generally less readily-marketable. Our plans to increase our origination of these loans could result in a material adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operations. An adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship
can expose us to significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family residential
mortgage loan or a commercial real estate loan. A substantial portion of our loan portfolio consists of multifamily
real estate loans and commercial real estate loans, which have a higher degree of risk than other types of loans. At June 30, 2017, we had $179.2 million
of multifamily loans and $670 million of commercial real estate loans. Multifamily and commercial real estate loans represented
66% of our total loan portfolio at June 30, 2017. Multifamily and commercial real estate loans
are often larger and involve greater risks than other types of loans. Because payments on such loans are often dependent on the
successful operation or development of the property or business involved, repayment of such loans is often more sensitive than
other types of loans to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the general business climate and economy. Accordingly,
a downturn in the real estate market and a challenging business and economic environment may increase our risk related to multifamily
and commercial real estate loans. Unlike residential mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrowers' ability
to make repayment from their employment and other income and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily
ascertainable, multifamily and commercial real estate loans typically are made on the basis of the borrowers' ability to make repayment
from the cash flow of the commercial venture. If the cash flow from business operations is reduced, the borrower's ability to repay
the loan may be impaired. In addition, due to the larger average size of each multifamily and commercial real estate loan as compared
with other loans such as residential loans, as well as collateral that is generally less readily-marketable, losses incurred on
a small number of multifamily and commercial real estate loans could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition
and results of operations. In recent years, commercial real estate
markets have been experiencing substantial growth, and increased competitive pressures have contributed significantly to historically
low capitalization rates and rising property values. Commercial real estate prices, according to many U.S. commercial real estate
indices, are currently above the 2007 peak levels that contributed to the financial crisis. In addition, we are exposed to the
New York commercial real estate market in particular. If the local economy, and particularly the real estate market, declines,
the rates of delinquencies, defaults, foreclosures, bankruptcies and losses in our loan portfolio would likely increase. A failure
to adequately implement enhanced risk management policies, procedures and controls could adversely affect our ability to increase
this portfolio going forward and could result in an increased rate of delinquencies in, and increased losses, from this portfolio.
At June 30, 2017, non-performing commercial real estate mortgage loans totaled $841,000, or 0.1% of our total portfolio of commercial
real estate mortgage loans. 14 In addition, commercial real estate loan
concentration is an area that has experienced heightened regulatory focus. Under joint guidance entitled “Concentrations
in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices” (the “CRE Guidance”) issued by the FRB, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”),
banks with holdings of commercial real estate, land development, construction, and certain multi-family loans in excess of certain
thresholds must employ heightened risk management practices. These loans are also subject to written policies that are required
by applicable regulations and that establish certain limits and standards. See “Supervision and Regulation—Lending
Standards and Guidance.” Any limitations on our commercial real estate, multi-family or construction lending, as a result
of our need to comply with applicable regulations, regulatory guidance or supervisory expectations or otherwise, could have an
adverse impact on our net interest income and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. A large portion of our loan portfolio is unseasoned.
Errors in judging the collectability of our unseasoned loans may lead to additional provisions for loan losses or charge-offs,
which would reduce our profits. Our net loan portfolio has grown 102.8%,
during the 30-month period ended June 30, 2017. At June 30, 2017, commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, and multifamily
loans made up 52.1%, 25.8% and 13.9% of our loan portfolio, respectively. At that same date, the average age of our commercial
real estate, commercial and industrial and multifamily loans was 2.5 years, 1.5 years and 1 year, respectively. It is difficult
to assess the future performance of our loan portfolio due to the recent origination of many of our loans. As a result, we may
experience more non-performing and delinquent loans than we have anticipated, which would adversely affect our results of operations. We must maintain and follow high loan
underwriting standards to grow safely. Our ability to grow
our assets safely depends on maintaining disciplined and prudent underwriting standards and ensuring that our relationship managers
and lending personnel follow those standards. The weakening of these standards for any reason, such as to seek higher yielding
loans, or a lack of discipline or diligence by our employees in underwriting and monitoring loans, may result in loan defaults,
foreclosures and additional charge-offs and may necessitate that we significantly increase our allowance for loan losses, any of
which could adversely affect our net income. As a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects
could be adversely affected. As a business operating in the financial
services industry, our business and operations may be adversely affected in numerous and complex ways by weak economic conditions. Our business and operations,
which primarily consist of lending money to customers in the form of loans, borrowing money from customers in the form of deposits
and investing in securities, are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States. If the U.S. economy
weakens, our growth and profitability from our lending, deposit and investment operations could be constrained. Uncertainty about
the federal fiscal policymaking process, the medium and long-term fiscal outlook of the federal government, and future tax rates
is a concern for businesses, consumers and investors in the United States. In addition, economic conditions in foreign countries,
including uncertainty over the stability of the euro currency, could affect the stability of global financial markets, which could
hinder U.S. economic growth. Weak economic conditions are characterized by deflation, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets,
a lack of liquidity and/or depressed prices in the secondary market for mortgage loans, increased delinquencies on mortgage, consumer
and commercial loans, residential and commercial real estate price declines and lower home sales and commercial activity. The current
economic environment is also characterized by interest rates at near historically low levels, which impacts our ability to attract
deposits and to generate attractive earnings through our investment portfolio. All of these factors are detrimental to our business,
and the interplay between these factors can be complex and unpredictable. Our business is also significantly affected by monetary
and related policies of the U.S. federal government and its agencies. Changes in any of these policies are influenced by macroeconomic
conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. Adverse economic conditions and government policy responses to such conditions
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. A substantial majority of our loans and operations are in
New York, and therefore our business is particularly vulnerable to a downturn in the New York City economy. Unlike larger financial institutions that
are more geographically diversified, a large portion of our business is concentrated primarily in the state of New York, and in
New York City in particular. As of June 30, 2017, 91% of our loan portfolio was in New York MSA and our loan portfolio had concentrations
of 75% in New York City. If the local economy, and particularly the real estate market, declines, the rates of