Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following
risk factors, as well as other information in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. The occurrence of any of the events described below could harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock may decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business General economic conditions, particularly in the U.S., affect our industry, demand for our products
and our business, and results of operations. Demand for premium sport boat brands has been significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, low consumer confidence, high unemployment, and
increased market volatility worldwide, especially in the U.S. In times of economic uncertainty and contraction, consumers tend to have less discretionary income and tend to defer or avoid expenditures
for discretionary items, such as our products. Sales of our products are highly sensitive to personal discretionary spending levels. Our business is cyclical in nature and its success is impacted by
economic conditions, the overall level of consumer confidence and discretionary income levels. Any substantial deterioration in general economic conditions that diminishes consumer confidence or
discretionary income may reduce our sales and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict the duration or strength of an economic
recovery, either in the U.S. or in the specific markets where we sell our products. Corporate restructurings, layoffs, declines in the value of investments and residential real estate, higher gas
prices, higher interest rates, and increases in federal and state taxation may each materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Consumers
often finance purchases of our products. Although consumer credit markets have improved, consumer credit market conditions continue to influence demand, especially for boats, and may
continue to do so. There continue to be fewer lenders, tighter underwriting and loan approval criteria, and greater down payment requirements than in the past. If credit conditions worsen, and
adversely affect the ability of consumers to finance potential purchases at acceptable terms and interest rates, it could result in a decrease in the sales of our products. Our annual and quarterly financial results are subject to significant fluctuations depending on
various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our sales and operating results can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on various factors, many of which are
beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to: • seasonal consumer demand for our products; • discretionary spending habits; • changes in pricing in, or the availability of supply in, the used powerboat market; • failure to maintain a premium brand image; • disruption in the operation of our manufacturing facilities; • variations in the timing and volume of our sales; • the timing of our expenditures in anticipation of future sales; • sales promotions by us and our competitors; • changes in competitive and economic conditions generally; 19 Table of Contents • consumer preferences and competition for consumers' leisure time; • impact of unfavorable weather conditions; • changes in the cost or availability of our labor; and • increased fuel prices. Due
to these and other factors, our results of operations may decline quickly and significantly in response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in demand for our products. We anticipate
that fluctuations in operating results will continue in the future. Unfavorable weather conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations, especially during the peak boating season. Adverse weather conditions in any year in any particular geographic region may adversely affect sales in that region, especially during the peak
boating season. Sales of our products are generally stronger just before and during spring and summer, which represent the peak boating months in most of our markets, and favorable weather during
these months generally has a positive effect on consumer demand. Conversely, unseasonably cool weather, excessive rainfall, reduced rainfall levels, or drought conditions during these periods may
close area boating locations or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby generally reducing consumer demand for our products. Our annual results would be materially and adversely affected if
our net sales were to fall below expected seasonal levels during these periods. We may also experience more pronounced seasonal fluctuation in net sales in the future as we continue to expand our
businesses. Additionally, to the extent that unfavorable weather conditions are exacerbated by global climate change or otherwise, our sales may be affected to a greater degree than we have previously
experienced. There can be no assurance that weather conditions will not have a material effect on the sales of any of our products. We depend on our network of independent dealers, face increasing competition for dealers, and have
little control over their activities. Substantially all of our sales are derived from our network of independent dealers. We have agreements with the dealers in our network that typically
provide for one-year terms, although some agreements have a term of up to three years. For fiscal 2014 and the six months ended December 28, 2014, our top ten dealers accounted for 33% and 36%,
respectively, of our total units sold. The loss of a significant number of these dealers could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The number of
dealers supporting our products and the quality of their marketing and servicing efforts are essential to our ability to generate sales. Competition for dealers among performance sport boat
manufacturers continues to increase based on the quality, price, value, and
availability of the manufacturers' products, the manufacturers' attention to customer service, and the marketing support that the manufacturer provides to the dealers. We face intense competition from
other performance sport boat manufacturers in attracting and retaining dealers, affecting our ability to attract or retain relationships with qualified and successful dealers. Although our management
believes that the quality of our products in the performance sport boat industry should permit us to maintain our relationships with our dealers and our market share position, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve our relationships with our dealers or our market share position. In addition, independent dealers in the powerboat industry have experienced
significant consolidation in recent years, which could result in the loss of one or more of our dealers in the future if the surviving entity in any such consolidation purchases similar products from
a competitor. A substantial deterioration in the number of dealers or quality of our network of dealers would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. 20 Table of Contents Our success depends, in part, upon the financial health of our dealers and their continued access to
financing. Because we sell nearly all of our products through dealers, their financial health is critical to our success. Our business, financial condition, and
results of operations may be adversely affected if the financial health of the dealers that sell our products suffers. Their financial health may suffer for a variety of reasons, including a downturn
in general economic conditions, rising interest rates, higher rents, increased labor costs and taxes, compliance with regulations, and personal financial issues. In
addition, our dealers require adequate liquidity to finance their operations, including purchases of our products. Dealers are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could unfavorably
affect their liquidity positions, including, among other things, continued access to adequate financing sources on a timely basis on reasonable terms. These sources of financing are vital to our
ability to sell products through our distribution network. Access to floor plan financing generally facilitates our dealers' ability to purchase boats from us, and their financed purchases reduce our
working capital requirements. If floor plan financing were not available to our dealers, our sales and our working capital levels would be adversely affected. The availability and terms of financing
offered by our dealers' floor plan financing providers will continue to be influenced by: • their ability to access certain capital markets and to fund their operations in a cost-effective manner; • the performance of their overall credit portfolios; • their willingness to accept the risks associated with lending to dealers; and • the overall creditworthiness of those dealers. In
April 2015, General Electric Company announced its intentions to sell most of the assets and financing businesses of its GE Capital unit, including the primary provider of financing for our floor
plan program. There is no assurance that this provider will continue to provide floor plan financing services after such a sale or that they would continue to provide such services on the terms which
have been available to us historically. We may be required to repurchase inventory of certain dealers. Many of our dealers have floor plan financing arrangements with third-party finance companies that enable the dealers to purchase our products. In
connection with these agreements, we may have an obligation to repurchase our products f