An investment in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. The risks described below represent some of the
material risks you should carefully consider before making an investment decision. If any of these risks occur, our business, capital, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, in which case
the price of our common stock could decline significantly and you could lose all or a part of your investment. The risk factors described below are not the only risks that may affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us,
or that we currently deem immaterial, may also become important factors that materially adversely affect our business, capital, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. You should carefully consider the following risk factors,
together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before purchasing our common stock. Risks Related to our Business We are operating under cease and desist orders from the OTS, the FDIC and the DFI that prohibit us, among other things, from paying
dividends without the consent of our regulators and that place other limitations and obligations on the Company and Bank. We are not in full compliance with the Bank Order, and noncompliance may subject us to additional enforcement action. On May 8, 2009, the Bank consented to the issuance by the FDIC and the DFI of a supervisory order, which we
refer to as the Bank Order, following a review of the Bank’s financial and lending data. The Bank Order alleges that the Bank had engaged in certain unsafe or unsound banking practices and had violated federal and state law and/or regulations,
and orders the Bank to cease and desist from certain practices relating to poor management, inadequate board oversight, inadequate liquidity and capital for our assets, excessive poor quality loans, operating losses and failure to comply with
certain laws or regulations. The Bank Order places certain restrictions on the Bank, including, but not limited to,
prohibiting cash dividends and limiting our ability to solicit or renew brokered deposits and to extend additional credit to borrowers who have outstanding, uncollected loans or credit agreements that have been charged off or classified as a
“Loss.” Additionally, the Bank cannot extend additional credit to any borrower with outstanding, uncollected loans or credit agreements that have been classified as “Substandard” or “Doubtful” without prior approval of
a majority of the Bank’s board of directors or the credit committee of the board. Moreover, the Bank Order requires the Bank to adopt and adhere to certain policies relating to, among other things, reduction of classified assets and reliance on
noncore funding sources. The Bank Order also requires the Bank to take certain affirmative actions, including, but not
limited to, increasing the Bank’s Tier 1 and risk-based capital ratios to specified levels, improving lending and collection policies, reducing outstanding commercial real estate and acquisition, development and construction loans, reducing the
level of classified assets, and retaining qualified management. At December 31, 2010, the Bank was not in compliance with the Bank Order in two areas. The first is the requirement to achieve and thereafter maintain a Tier I capital ratio of at
least 10.0% and a risk-based capital ratio of at least 12.0%. Second, while we met the terms of the Bank Order by submitting a plan for the reduction of adversely classified loans on the Bank’s books as of December 31, 2008, we did
not meet the Bank Order’s requirement to fully comply with the plan. The plan contained a target reduction of the specified adversely classified assets to 40.0% of risk based capital by February 28, 2010, which was not achieved. At
February 28, 2010, the level of adversely classified assets to risk-based capital was 91.6%. At December 31, 2010, this ratio was 77.9%. While we have complied with the additional requirement of the Bank Order to develop and submit a plan for reducing our commercial real estate and land acquisition and development and construction loans,
we did not achieve our internally established targets of 355.0% of risk-based capital and 178.0% of risk-based capital, respectively, as of December 31, 2010. 18 Table of Contents We are also operating under an order to cease and desist issued by the OTS on May 18,
2009, which we refer to as the Company Order (and together with the Bank Order, the Orders), which requires the Company to refrain from engaging in all unsafe and unsound practices that have resulted in the operation of HomeStreet, Inc. with low
earnings and inadequate capital. The Company Order requires the consent of the OTS for the Company to pay dividends, make capital distributions, incur, issue, renew, repurchase, make payments on or roll over any debt (including our trust preferred
securities, or “TruPS”), increase any current lines of credit, guarantee the debt of any entity, make certain severance or indemnification payments and make any change in directors or senior executive officers without the prior approval of
the OTS. Pursuant to the Company Order, we have developed a plan to manage our liquidity, capital and risk profile, and to
address our financial obligations, including interest payments on the TruPS, without relying on dividends from the Bank for 2009 through 2011. The Company Order will remain in effect until terminated, modified or suspended by the OTS. We believe we
are currently in compliance with the Company Order. Because of the restrictions contained in Orders, we may be limited in our
ability to take certain actions and pursue certain operating strategies that might otherwise have resulted in greater benefits to our earnings and results of operations. Moreover, both the pendency of the Orders and the circumstances that gave rise
to their issuance may place other limitations on our business, such as making it more difficult to attract and retain depositors, increasing the burdens required to satisfy our contractual obligations and increasing our operating and general and
administrative expenses. In addition, failure to comply with these regulatory actions or any future actions could result in further regulatory actions or restrictions, including monetary penalties and the potential closure of the Bank. The Orders
are described in more detail in this prospectus under “Regulation and Supervision — Cease and Desist Orders.” For a summary of additional restrictions that may be placed on the Bank, see “Regulation and Supervision —
Regulation of HomeStreet Bank — Capital and Prompt Corrective Action Requirements.” Our auditor’s opinions on our 2009
and 2010 financial statements include a “going concern” emphasis paragraph. Our consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects that may result from the outcome of
various uncertainties as discussed below. The effects of the severe economic contraction caused HomeStreet to incur net
losses for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009. HomeStreet and the Bank are operating under significant regulatory restrictions including a requirement to achieve certain capital requirements, enhance liquidity and improve assets. In
response, management is conducting this offering in order to raise capital to meet the requirements of the Orders. Based upon
its plans and expectations, management believes HomeStreet has sufficient capital and liquidity to achieve realization of assets and the discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, uncertainties exist as to future economic
conditions, regulatory actions and the successful implementation of plans to improve our financial condition and meet the requirements of the Orders. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the lack of success in implementing our plans or the occurrence of other events that could adversely affect its condition or operations. We may be subject to continuing enhanced supervision by our regulators even if we achieve compliance with the cease and desist orders. Following the completion of this offering and our contribution of capital to the Bank of a substantial portion of the
net proceeds, we expect that the Bank will achieve capital ratios that exceed the minimum ratios required 19 Table of Contents under the Bank Order. However, we cannot guarantee that we will continue to meet our capital requirements under the Bank Order or that we will not suffer additional increases in classified assets
or other adverse developments in the foreseeable future. If we do not meet the capital requirements of the Bank Order, due to continued adverse consequences from the downturn in real estate and the capital markets or otherwise, our regulators may
continue to monitor our business more closely and may keep in effect all or some of the existing restrictions or adopt new or additional restrictions on our operations. Such restrictions could limit our ability to grow our earning assets, increase
our operating expenses and make it more difficult to raise additional capital if needed in the future. Any such measures, if taken, may have an adverse effect upon the value of our common stock. Even if we are able to restore our capital ratios to
the level required by the Bank Order, we may be subject to additional supervision and restrictions imposed by the regulatory authorities. Other banks that have had cease and desist orders similar to ours often have subsequently been required to
enter into informal supervisory agreements with the FDIC and the DFI. These arrangements have 