and consult, and must rely solely upon the advice
of, his, her or its own tax advisor with respect to the federal, state and local income tax consequences of an investment in the Company. THE
TAX CONSIDERATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE AN EXHAUSTIVE LIST OF THE GENERAL OR SPECIFIC TAX CONSIDERATIONS
RELATING TO THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF UNITS. THIS PROSPECTUS DOES NOT, FOR EXAMPLE, DISCUSS THE ESTATE, GIFT, STATE,
LOCAL OR FOREIGN INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY. FURTHERMORE, INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE ANTICIPATED FEDERAL
INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY FUTURE CHANGES IN THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS, WHETHER
BY FUTURE ACTS OF CONGRESS OR FUTURE ADMINISTRATIVE AND JUDICIAL INTERPRETATIONS OF APPLICABLE FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS, ANY OF WHICH
MAY BE GIVEN RETROACTIVE EFFECT. Classification
as a Partnership The
Company is organized and operated as a Delaware limited liability company in accordance with the provisions of the operating agreement
and applicable state law. Under the Code, an entity classified as a partnership that is deemed to be a “publicly traded partnership”
is generally taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes. The Code provides an exception to this general rule for a publicly
traded partnership whose gross income for each taxable year of its existence consists of at least 90% “qualifying income”
(the “qualifying income exception”). For this purpose, Section 7704 of the Code defines “qualifying income” as
including, in pertinent part, dividends and gains from the sale or disposition of capital assets held for the production of interest
or dividends. The Company has represented to Seyfarth, as special tax counsel to the Company, that (1) at least 90% of its gross income
for each taxable year will be derived from dividends and gains from the sale or disposition of capital assets held for the production
of interest or dividends; (2) the Company is organized and operated in accordance with its governing agreements and applicable law; and
(3) the Company has not elected, and does not plan to elect, to be classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 89 Based
in part on and subject to the accuracy of the foregoing representations, Seyfarth is of the opinion that the Company will be classified
as a partnership for federal income tax purposes and that it is not taxable as a corporation for such purposes. The Company’s taxation
as a partnership rather than a corporation will require the Company to conduct its business activities in such a manner that it satisfies
the qualifying income exception on a continuing basis. No assurance can be given that the Company’s operations for any given year
will produce income that satisfies the requirements of the qualifying income exception. Seyfarth will not review the Company’s
ongoing compliance with these requirements and will have no obligation to advise the Company or any of its members in the event of any
subsequent change in the facts, representations or applicable law relied upon in reaching its opinion. If
the Company failed to satisfy the qualifying income exception in any year, other than a failure that is determined by the IRS to be inadvertent
and that is cured within a reasonable time after discovery, the Company would be taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes
and would pay federal income tax on its income at regular corporate rates. In that event, members would not report their share of the
Company’s income or loss on their returns. In
addition, distributions to members would be treated as dividends to the extent of the Company’s current and accumulated earnings.
Subject to holding period and other requirements, any such dividend would be a qualifying dividend subject to U.S. federal income tax
at the lower maximum tax rates applicable to long-term capital gains. To the extent a distribution exceeded the Company’s earnings
and profits, the distribution would be treated as a return of capital to the extent of a member’s basis in its shares, and thereafter
as gain from the sale of shares. Accordingly, if the Company were to be taxable as a corporation, it would likely have a material adverse
effect on the economic return from an investment in the Company and on the value of the shares. The
discussion below assumes that the Company will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that it is not taxable
as a corporation Partnership
Allocations The
tax consequences to investors of the Company’s investments in partner companies may be complex. Prospective
investors should consult with tax advisors who have substantial expertise with this aspect of the tax law. The
Company generally expects to receive income in the form of dividends from its equity investments in partner companies, and capital proceeds
from the sale of partner companies, with all such partner companies expected to be treated as corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes. For
U.S. federal income tax purposes, a partnership is generally not a taxable entity but rather is a “flow-through” entity whose
items of taxable income, gain, loss, deduction and credit are passed through to, and reported by, its partners. Thus, each investor will
be required to report on its U.S. federal income tax return its allocable share of items of taxable income, gain, loss, deduction, or
credit realized by the Company. This will include the portion of dividends received from corporate partner companies and capital proceeds
from the sale of corporate partner companies. Each item generally will have the same character and source as would be the case if the
investor realized the item directly. This rule applies without regard to whether the investor receives or will receive any cash distributions
from the Company. Accordingly, for any taxable year of the Company, an investor may be required to report and pay tax on his share of
items of the Company’s income without receiving sufficient (or any) cash distributions. Generally,
the character of partnership items of taxable income, gain, loss, deduction and credits also passes through to its partners. For example,
to the extent the Company has gains subject to ordinary income tax rates, each Investor will be required to report, and pay taxes on,
its allocable share of such gains. Investors who are individuals will generally be subject to reduced tax rates on their allocable share
of dividends received by the Company from corporate partner companies, to the extent such dividends constitute “qualified dividend
income” under section 1(h)(11) of the Code. The
operating agreement contains certain allocations of income, gain, losses, and deductions that could be reallocated by the IRS if it were
determined that the allocations did not have “substantial economic effect” under Section 704(b) of the Code, and the allocations
were not made in accordance with the investors’ respective interests in the Company, taking into account all relevant facts and
circumstances. If the IRS does not respect an allocation and the investors’ distributive shares of income and loss are adjusted,
the investors may be required to file amended income tax returns which could subject the investors to additional taxes, interest, and
penalties. 90 The
Company may apply certain conventions in determining and allocating items for tax purposes in order to reduce the complexity and costs
of administration. The Company intends for the application of any such conventions to be consistent with the intent of the partnership
provisions of the Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations, and that the resulting allocations will have substantial economic effect
or otherwise should be respected as being in accordance with members’ interests in the Company for federal income tax purposes.
The Code and existing Treasury Regulations do not expressly permit adoption of these conventions and it is possible that the IRS could
successfully challenge the Company’s use of any such allocations methods on the ground that they do not satisfy the technical requirements
off the Code or Treasury Regulations, requiring a member to report a greater or lesser share of items of income, gain, loss, deduction,
or credit than if such method were respected. The
assumptions and conventions used in making tax allocations may cause a member to be allocated more or less income or loss for federal
income tax purposes than its proportionate share of the economic income or loss realized by the Company during the period it held its
shares. This “mismatch” between taxable and economic income or loss in some cases may be temporary, reversing itself in a
later period when the shares are sold, but could be permanent. Tax
Elections Under
Section 754 of the Code, the Company is permitted to elect to have the U.S. federal income tax basis of its assets adjusted in the event
of a distribution of property to a member or in the event of a transfer of an interest in the Company by sale or exchange or as a result
of the death of a member. Pursuant to the terms of the operating agreement, the board of directors, in its sole discretion, is authorized
to make such election. Such an election, if made, can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. The Company also will be required
to reduce its U.S. federal income tax basis in its assets in connection with certain redemptions and dispositions of shares. The
calculations under Section 754 of the Code are complex, and there is uncertainty concerning the mechanics of the calculations in the
context of publicly-traded partnerships. To help reduce the complexity of those calculations and the resulting administrative costs to
the Company, it may apply certain conventions in determining and allocating U.S. federal income tax basis adjustments. If applied, it
is possible that the IRS will successfully assert that the convention