Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other
information included in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before deciding to purchase our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risks may
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business The potential loss, delay or
non-renewal of our contracts, or the non-payment by our customers for services that we have performed, could adversely affect our results. We experience
termination, cancellation and non-renewals of contracts by our customers in the ordinary course of business, and the number and dollar value of cancellations can vary significantly from year to year. The time between when a clinical trial is awarded and when it goes to contract is typically several months, and prior to a new business award going to contract, our
customers can cancel the award without notice. Moreover, once an award goes to contract, most of our customers for clinical trial services can terminate our contracts without cause upon 30 days’ notice. For example, our average quarterly
cancellation rates as a percentage of the beginning of the period backlog were 4.5% and 3.7% for the Successor three months ended March 31, 2016 and March 31, 2015, respectively, and 3.2% for the Successor year ended December 31, 2015, 3.3% for
the Successor nine month period ended December 2014, 2.5% for the Predecessor three month period ended March 2014 and 3.7% for the Predecessor year ended December 2013. Our customers may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a
variety of reasons beyond our control, including but not limited to: n decisions to forego or terminate a particular clinical trial; n lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities; n actions by regulatory authorities; n changes in law; n production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested; n failure of the drug being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria; n unexpected or undesired clinical results; n insufficient investigator recruitment or patient enrollment in a trial; n decisions to downsize product development portfolios; n dissatisfaction with our performance, including the quality of data provided and our ability to meet agreed upon schedules; n shift of business to another CRO or internal resources; n product withdrawal following market launch; or n shut down of our customers’ manufacturing facilities. As a result, contract terminations, delays and modifications
are a regular part of our business. In the event of termination, our contracts often provide for payment to us of fees for services provided up to the point of termination and for close-out activities for winding down the clinical trial, and
reimbursement of all non-cancellable expenses. These payments may not be sufficient for us to maintain our profit margins, and termination or non-renewal may result in lower resource utilization rates, including with respect to personnel who we are
not able to place on another customer engagement. Historically, cancellations and delays have negatively impacted our operating results. Clinical trials can be
costly and for the Successor year ended December 31, 2015, 55.7% and 29.3% of our net service revenue was derived from small- and mid-sized biotechnology companies and mid-sized pharmaceutical companies, respectively, which may have limited
access to capital. In addition, we provide services to our customers before they pay us for some of our services. There is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a customer, and the customer subsequently becomes unwilling or unable to fund
the completion of the trial. In such a situation, 20 Table of Contents notwithstanding the customer’s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the trial, we may be legally or ethically bound to complete or wind down the trial
at our own expense. Because the contracts included in our backlog are generally terminable without cause, we do not believe that our backlog as of any date is
necessarily a meaningful predictor of future results. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our customers cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them.
Thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our net service revenue and profitability. In addition, the terminability of our contracts puts increased pressure on our quality control
efforts, since not only can our contracts be terminated by customers as a result of poor performance, but any such termination may also affect our ability to obtain future contracts from the customer involved and others. Our backlog may not convert to net service revenue at our historical conversion rates. Backlog represents anticipated future net service revenue from net new business awards that have not commenced or are currently in process but not complete. Reported
backlog will fluctuate based on new business awards, changes in scope to existing contracts, cancellations, revenue recognition on existing contracts and foreign exchange adjustments from non-U.S. dollar denominated backlog. Our backlog as of March
31, 2016 and March 31, 2015 was approximately $448.1 and $405.9 million, respectively. Included within backlog as of March 31, 2016 is approximately $227.5 million to $237.5 million that we expect to convert to net service revenue in 2016, with the
remainder expected to convert to net service revenue in years after 2016. Once work begins on a project, net service revenue is recognized over the duration of the project. Projects may be terminated or delayed by the customer or delayed by
regulatory authorities for reasons beyond our control. To the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our net service revenue could be adversely affected. Moreover, in the event that a customer cancels a contract, we often would be entitled to
receive payment for services provided up to the point of cancellation and for close-out activities for winding down the clinical trial, and reimbursement of all non-cancellable expenses. Typically, however, we have no contractual right to the full
amount of the future net service revenue reflected in our backlog in the event of a contract cancellation or subsequent changes in scope that reduce the value of the contract. The duration of the projects included in our backlog, and the related net
service revenue recognition, generally range from a few months to several years. Our backlog may not be indicative of our future net service revenue, and we may not realize all of the anticipated future net service revenue reflected in our backlog.
A number of factors may affect the realization of our net service revenue from backlog, including: n the size, complexity and duration of the projects; n the cancellation or delay of projects; and n changes in the scope of work during the course of a project. Fluctuations in our reported backlog levels also result
from the fact that we may receive a small number of relatively large projects in any given reporting period that may be included in our backlog. Because of these large projects, our backlog in that reporting period may reach levels that may not be
sustained in subsequent reporting periods. Additionally, although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in net service revenue over time, an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond
directly to an increase in net service revenue during any particular period, or at all. The extent to which contracts in backlog will result in net service revenue depends on many factors, including, but not limited to, delivery against project
schedules, scope changes, contract terminations and the nature, duration and complexity of the contracts, and can vary significantly over time. As we increasingly
compete for and enter into large contracts that are more global in nature, there can be no assurance about the rate at which our backlog will convert into net service revenue. A decrease in this conversion rate would mean that the rate of net
service revenue recognized on contracts may be slower than what we have experienced in the past, which could impact our net service revenue and results of operations on a quarterly and annual basis. The revenue recognition on larger, more global
projects could be slower than on smaller, less global projects for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, an extended period of negotiation between the time the project is awarded to us and the actual execution of the contract, as well
as an increased timeframe for obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. Additionally, delayed projects will remain in backlog and will not generate revenue at the rate originally expected. Thus, the relationship of backlog to realized revenues
is indirect and may vary significantly over time. 21 Table of Contents Additionally, there has been a recent slowdown in funding in the biotechnology industry. If small- and mid-sized
biotechnology companies become less able to access capital in the future, we may see a decrease in backlog conversion to net service revenue and net new business awards due to project delays or cancellations. These companies have contributed
materially to our historical net service revenue. If they cannot commit the same or a greater level of capital to our services going forward, our results of operations may suffer. Our operating results have historically fluc