.” 100 Table of Contents Contracts Our client contracts are generally fixed price, including milestone-based fixed price contracts in our Remediation and Reuse segment,
and, for out-of-scope work, T&M based. CTEH’s client contracts and our other Assessment, Permitting and Response client contracts are generally T&M based.
Our client contracts vary from purchase-order based contracts utilizing standard terms and conditions to comprehensive master services agreements with terms of multiple years. In accordance with industry practice, most of our contracts, both in the
private and public sector, are subject to termination at the discretion of the client, as discussed in greater detail in the section entitled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to our Business and Industry—We do not always have long-term
agreements with our clients and attempts by clients to change the terms of or terminate their relationships with us may have a negative impact on our business.” In such situations, our contracts typically provide for reimbursement of costs
incurred and payment of fees earned through the date of termination. Competition We operate in a competitive, but fragmented, market. No single company or group of companies dominates across the entire environmental
services market in which we operate. Our primary competitors are divisions of large companies, various small companies which generally are limited to a specific service and focused on a niche market or geographic region and our clients’ own in-house resources. We believe that few, if any, of our competitors currently provide the full range of environmental solutions that we offer. Instead, each of our segments has competitors with narrower service
offerings and/or geographies. Our Assessment, Permitting and Response segment competitors include the environmental divisions of Exponent, Trinity Consultants and other small businesses. Our Measurement and Analysis segment competitors include the
environmental divisions of SGS, Bureau Veritas and Eurofins, Pace Analytical and environmental divisions of large testing companies and other small businesses. Our Remediation and Reuse segment competitors include the environmental divisions or
remediation segments of NV5, Tetratech, AECOM, other large engineering companies and other small businesses. We compete based on the
following factors, among others: reputation, safety track record, quality, geographic reach, price, technical capabilities, access to innovative technology and breadth of services. We believe that our current capabilities position us to compete
favorably in each of these factors. The environmental services industry has significant barriers to entry which would make it difficult
for new competitors to enter the market. These barriers include: • highly technical, costly and time-consuming accreditation and licensure requirements; • ability to deploy/services client needs across geographies; • advanced quality and safety programs and mandated scores; • the complex and geographically varying regulatory landscape that requires significant industry experience; • the need to acquire or develop innovative technologies and processes that are acceptable to regulatory bodies,
which in our case occurred over many years of client and regulator engagements and at significant research and development expense; and • emphasis by large clients on size and scale, length of relationship and past service record. Intellectual Property We utilize a combination of intellectual property safeguards, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and licenses, as well
as employee and third-party confidentiality agreements, to protect our 101 Table of Contents intellectual property. However, we do not principally rely on any single piece of intellectual property, nor is any single piece of intellectual property material to our financial condition or
results of operations. Seasonality Because demand for environmental services is not driven by specific or predictable patterns in one or more fiscal quarters, our business is
better assessed based on yearly results. In addition, our operating results experience some quarterly variability. Excluding the impact of revenues and earnings from new acquisitions, we typically generate slightly lower revenues and lower earnings
in the first and fourth quarters and higher overall revenues and earnings in the second and third quarters. Historically, quarterly variability has been driven by weather patterns, which generally impacts our field-based teams’ ability to
operate in the winter months, particularly in parts of North America. As we continue to grow and expand into new geographies and service lines, quarterly variability may be impacted and may deviate from historical trends. Employees As of November 1, 2020,
we had approximately 1,830 employees, including approximately 1,400 full-time employees in the United States. Approximately 95% of our full-time employees work in our U.S. operations and approximately 5% work in foreign operations. None of our
facilities are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Properties Our principal executive offices are located at 1 Park Plaza, Suite 1000, Irvine, CA 92614. We currently operate out of approximately
70 locations across North America and Australia, of which one is an owned building and all other of which are leased locations. Our lease terms vary from month-to-month to multi-year current commitments of up to 10 years, with our average commitment being less than 4.5 years. We believe that our existing
facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements and that comparable space is readily available in similar locations. Compliance with Federal,
State/Provincial and Local Laws Our operations subject us to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in jurisdictions
where we operate, including the United States, Australia and Canada. Such laws and regulations relate to, among other things, the discharge of wastewater, the discharge of hazardous materials into the environment, the handling, storage, use,
transport, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and solid, hazardous and other wastes and workplace health and safety. These laws and regulations impose a variety of requirements and restrictions on some of our operations and the services
we provide. The failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties, enforcement actions, third-party claims, damage to property or natural resources and personal injury claims, requirements to investigate or
cleanup property or to pay for the costs of investigation or cleanup or regulatory or judicial orders requiring corrective measures, and could negatively impact our reputation with clients. We are not aware of any pending environmental compliance or
remediation matters that, in the opinion of management, are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. A portion of our revenue is derived from working with the U.S. federal government. When working with U.S. governmental agencies and entities,
we must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of contracts. Internationally, we are subject to various government laws and regulations (including the FCPA and similar non-U.S. laws and regulations). To help ensure compliance with these and other laws and regulations, our employees are sometimes required to complete tailored ethics and other compliance training relevant to their
position and our operations. 102 Table of Contents Legal Proceedings From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of our business activities, including those
involving labor and employment, anti-discrimination, commercial disputes and other matters. As of the date of this prospectus, we are not a party to any litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the
aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of
management resources and other factors. See Note 9 to the audited financial statements of CTEH Holdings included elsewhere in this prospectus for a description of certain litigation matters. The Montrose Community Foundation In
2016, our employees formed and have since independently operated The Montrose Community Foundation, a non-profit organization funded by personal donations from our employees for the benefit of our employees.
The Foundation, through its volunteer board, confidentially provides resources to our employees in times of need. Our employees’ dedication of time and resources to this organization is a testament to our team-centric culture. We Lead In 2020, our senior female
leadership established Montrose’s Women Empowering Leadership (We Lead) program. The group’s mission is to foster the recruitment, retention and professional development of women at our company. Through its focus on mentorship, We Lead is
working to develop a network of women leaders within Montrose. Diversity, Fairness and Inclusion In 2020, Montrose established a Diversity, Fairness and Inclusion program. In doing so, we have committed to the establishment and
formalization of employee development policies that support diversity, inclusion, fairness and equality. 103 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT AND THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The following table sets forth certain information regarding our directors and executive officers as of the date of this prospectus. Name Age Position Vijay Manthripragada 43 President and Chief Executive Officer; Director Allan Dicks 48 Chief Financial Officer Nasym Afsari 38 General Counsel and Secretary Joshua W. LeMaire 47 Chief Operating Officer Jose M. Revuelta 39 Chief Strat