An investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Please refer to “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 and other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before investing in the Notes. 5 Risk Factors An investment in the
Notes involves significant risks, including the risks described below and discussed under the section captioned “Risk
Factors” contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 , which are incorporated by
reference in this prospectus in their entirety. Before purchasing the Notes, you should carefully consider each of the following
risk factors as well as the other information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference, including
our consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Each of these risk factors, either alone or taken together, could
adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in
the Notes. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks of which we are not presently aware or that we
currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations and financial position. If any of the events described
below were to occur, our financial condition, our results of operations and/or our future growth prospects could be materially and
adversely affected. As a result, you could lose some or all of any investment you may have made or may make in our Company. Risks Related to this Offering We may be able to incur substantially
more debt, which could have important consequences to you. We may be able to incur substantial
additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of the indenture governing the Notes will not prohibit us from doing so. If we incur
any additional indebtedness that ranks equally with the Notes, the holders of that debt will be entitled to share ratably with you in
any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization or dissolution. This may have the effect of reducing
the amount of proceeds paid to you. Incurrence of additional debt would also further reduce the cash available to invest in operations,
as a result of increased debt service obligations. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face
could intensify. Our level of indebtedness
could have important consequences to you, because: · it could affect our ability to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the Notes; · a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations would have to be dedicated to interest and principal
payments and may not be available for operations, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; · it may impair our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing in the future; · it may limit our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity; · it may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; and · it may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general. Our operations may not generate
sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt. If we fail to make a payment on the Notes, we could be in default on the Notes, and
this default could cause us to be in default on other indebtedness, to the extent outstanding. Conversely, a default under any other indebtedness,
if not waived, could result in acceleration of the debt outstanding under the related agreement and entitle the holders thereof to bring
suit for the enforcement thereof or exercise other remedies provided thereunder. In addition, such default or acceleration may result
in an event of default and acceleration of other indebtedness of the Company, entitling the holders thereof to bring suit for the enforcement
thereof or exercise other remedies provided thereunder. If a judgment is obtained by any such holders, such holders could seek to collect
on such judgment from the assets of the Company. If that should occur, we may not be able to pay all such debt or to borrow sufficient
funds to refinance it. Even if new financing were then available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us. 6 However, no event of default
under the Notes would result from a default or acceleration of, or suit, other exercise of remedies or collection proceeding by holders
of, our other outstanding debt, if any. As a result, all or substantially all of our assets may be used to satisfy claims of holders of
our other outstanding debt, if any, without the holders of the Notes having any rights to such assets. The indenture governing the Notes
will not restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. The Notes will be unsecured and therefore
will be effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness that we currently have or that we may incur in the future. The Notes will not be secured
by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, the Notes will be effectively subordinated to any secured
indebtedness that we or our subsidiaries have currently outstanding, including indebtedness under our Revolving Credit Facility, Term
Loan and Equipment Financing Loan, or may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently
grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The indenture governing the Notes will not prohibit
us or our subsidiaries from incurring additional secured (or unsecured) indebtedness in the future. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy
or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries
may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness and may consequently receive payment from these assets before
they may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the Notes. The Notes will be structurally subordinated
to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The Notes are obligations
exclusively of Ramaco Resources, Inc. and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of the Notes, and the
Notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. Therefore, in any bankruptcy, liquidation
or similar proceeding, all claims of creditors (including trade creditors) of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests
in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries.
Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any
security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to
our claims. Consequently, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables)
of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish as financing vehicles or otherwise. The
indenture governing the Notes will not prohibit us or our subsidiaries from incurring additional indebtedness in the future. In addition,
future debt and security agreements entered into by our subsidiaries may contain various restrictions, including restrictions on payments
by our subsidiaries to us and the transfer by our subsidiaries of assets pledged as collateral. Our subsidiaries conduct
the substantial majority of our operations and own our operating assets. Our subsidiaries conduct the
substantial majority of our operations and own our operating assets. As a result, our ability to make required payments on the Notes depends
in part on the operations of our subsidiaries and our subsidiaries’ ability to distribute funds to us. To the extent our subsidiaries
are unable to distribute, or are restricted from distributing, funds to us, we may be unable to fulfill our obligations under the Notes.
Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay amounts due on the Notes
or to make funds available for that purpose. The Notes will not be guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries or any other person. 7 The indenture under which the Notes
will be issued will contain limited protection for holders of the Notes. The indenture under which
the Notes will be issued will offer limited protection to holders of the Notes. The terms of the indenture and the Notes will not restrict
our or any of our subsidiaries’ ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances
or events that could have an adverse impact on your investment in the Notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the Notes will
not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries’ ability to: · issue debt securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any
indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations
that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the Notes to the extent of the values of the assets
securing such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally
senior to the Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to
our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to the Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries; · pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respe