– Risks Related to the Stock Offering – Our articles of incorporation provide that, subject to limited exception,
state and federal courts in the State of Maryland are the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholders litigation matters, which
could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, and
other employees.” TRANSFER AGENT The transfer agent and registrar for Monroe Federal
Bancorp’s common stock will be _____________, __________, ___________. EXPERTS The financial statements of Monroe Federal at
March 31, 2024 and 2023 and for each of the years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 have been included herein in reliance upon
the report of Wipfli LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, which is included in this prospectus and upon the authority
of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. Feldman Financial has consented to the publication
in this prospectus of the summary of its report to Monroe Federal Bancorp setting forth its opinion as to the estimated pro forma market
value of the shares of common stock upon completion of the conversion and stock offering and of its letter with respect to subscription
rights. 114 CHANGE IN AUDITOR On April 4, 2024, Wipfli LLP replaced Clark,
Schaefer, Hackett & Co. as Monroe Federal’s independent auditor. This change in auditor was approved by Monroe Federal’s
Audit Committee. Wipfli LLP was engaged to audit the financial statements of Monroe Federal for the fiscal years ended March 31,
2024 and 2023 according to auditing standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. Before the engagement of Wipfli LLP, Monroe Federal
did not consult with Wipfli LLP regarding the application of accounting principles to a specific completed or proposed transaction or
regarding the type of audit opinion that might be rendered by Wipfli LLP on Monroe Federal’s financial statements, and Wipfli LLP
did not provide any written or oral advice that was an important factor considered by Monroe Federal in reaching a decision as to any
such accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, and Monroe Federal did not consult with Wipfli LLP regarding any of the matters
or events set forth in Item 304(a)(2)(ii) of Regulation S-K. The report of Clark, Schaefer, Hackett &
Co. on its audit of the financial statements of Monroe Federal for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, performed under
AICPA auditing standards, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope or accounting principle. In connection with its audit of the financial statements of Monroe Federal for the fiscal years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, performed under AICPA standards, there were no disagreements with Clark, Schaefer, Hackett &
Co. on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of Clark, Schaefer, Hackett & Co., would have caused them to make reference thereto in their
reports, and there have been no reportable events as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. Monroe Federal provided Clark, Schaefer, Hackett &
Co. with a copy of this disclosure before its filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission and requested that Clark, Schaefer,
Hackett & Co. furnish Monroe Federal with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether it agrees
with the above statements and, if it does not agree, the respects in which it does not agree. A copy of the letter is filed as an exhibit
to the registration statement of Monroe Federal Bancorp, of which this prospectus is a part. LEGAL MATTERS Luse Gorman, PC, Washington, D.C., special counsel
to Monroe Federal Bancorp and Monroe Federal, has issued to Monroe Federal Bancorp its opinion regarding the legality of the common stock
and has issued to Monroe Federal Bancorp and Monroe Federal its opinion regarding the federal income tax consequences of the conversion
and stock offering. Wipfli LLP has issued its opinion to Monroe Federal Bancorp and Monroe Federal regarding the Ohio state income tax
consequences of the conversion and stock offering. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for Performance Trust and, in the event
of a syndicated community offering, for any other co-managers, by Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP, Washington, D.C. WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Monroe Federal Bancorp has filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the shares of common stock
offered hereby. As permitted by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this prospectus does not contain
all the information set forth in the registration statement. Such information, including the appraisal report, which is an exhibit to
the registration statement, can be examined without charge at the public reference facilities of the Securities and Exchange Commission
located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, and copies of such material can be obtained from the Securities and Exchange Commission
at prescribed rates. The Securities and Exchange Commission telephone number is 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the Securities and Exchange
Commission maintains a web site ( www.sec.gov ) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding
registrants that file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Monroe Federal Bancorp. The statements contained
in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement are, of necessity,
brief descriptions of the material terms of, and should be read in conjunction with, such contract or document. 115 Monroe Federal has filed with the OCC an application
for conversion from mutual to stock form. This prospectus omits certain information contained in the application. The application may
be examined at the OCC East Region Office, located at 7 Times Square, 10 th Floor, New York, New York 10036. A copy of the
plan of conversion is available for review at each office of Monroe Federal. In connection with the conversion and stock offering,
Monroe Federal Bancorp will register its class of common stock under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Upon registration,
Monroe Federal Bancorp and the holders of its common stock will become subject to the proxy solicitation rules, reporting requirements
and restrictions on common stock purchases and sales by directors, officers and greater than 10% stockholders, the annual and periodic
reporting and certain other requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the plan of conversion, Monroe Federal Bancorp
has undertaken that it will not terminate such registration for a period of at least three years following the consummation of the conversion
and stock offering. 116 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF MONROE FEDERAL
SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION Report of Independent
    Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Balance Sheets at March 31, 2024 and March 31,
    2023 F-2 Statements of Income for the
    Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 F-3 Statements of Comprehensive
    Income (Loss) for the Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 F-4 Statements of Equity Capital
    for the Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for
    the Years Ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 # # # Separate financial statements for Monroe Federal
Bancorp have not been included in this prospectus because it has not engaged in any significant activities, has no significant assets,
and has no contingent liabilities, revenue or expenses. All financial statement schedules have been omitted
as the required information either is not applicable or is included in the financial statements or related notes. 117 4890 Owen Ayres Ct. Suite 200 Eau Claire, WI 54701 715 832 3407 wipfli.com REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Monroe Federal Savings and Loan Association Tipp City, Ohio Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Monroe Federal Savings
and Loan Association (the “Company”) as of March 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related statements of income, comprehensive income
(loss), changes in equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended and the related notes to the financial statements (collectively
referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to
be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of ou