An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of
    risk. You should carefully read and consider the risks described
    below, together with the other information contained in this
    prospectus, including our financial statements and the notes
    thereto and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
    Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” before
    making an investment decision. If any of these risks actually
    occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations
    and future growth prospects may be adversely affected. As a
    result, the trading price of our common stock would likely
    decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks
    Related to Our Business Our
    operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction of
    business with our significant customers. We derive a significant amount of revenues from a few customers.
    For instance, various divisions or business units of BP were
    responsible for 18.2%, 16.5% and 9.5% of our revenues during the
    nine months ended February 29, 2008 and fiscal 2007 and
    2006, respectively. Similarly, our top 10 customers were
    responsible for 37.2%, 38.6% and 31.1% of our revenues during
    the nine months ended February 29, 2008 and fiscal 2007 and
    2006, respectively. Generally, our customers do not have an
    obligation to make purchases from us and may stop ordering our
    products and services at any time without financial penalty. The
    loss of any of our significant customers, any substantial
    decline in sales to these customers or any significant change in
    the timing or volume of purchases by our customers could result
    in lower revenues and could harm our business, financial
    condition or results of operations. An
    accident or incident involving our NDT solutions could expose us
    to claims, harm our reputation and adversely affect our ability
    to compete for business and, as a result, harm our operating
    performance. We are exposed to liabilities arising out of the solutions we
    provide. For instance, we furnish the results of our NDT
    inspections for use by our customers in their assessment of
    aspects of their assets, facilities, plants and other
    structures. Such results may be incorrect or incomplete, whether
    as a result of poorly designed inspections, malfunctioning
    testing equipment or our employees’ failure to adequately
    test or properly record data. If an accident or incident
    involving a structure we tested occurs and causes personal
    injuries or property damage, such as the collapse of a bridge or
    explosion in a plant or facility, and particularly if these
    injuries or damage could have been prevented by our customers
    had we provided them with correct or complete results, we may
    face significant claims by injured persons or related parties
    and claims relating to any property damage or loss. Even if our
    results are correct and complete, we may face claims for such
    injuries or damage simply because we tested the structure or
    facility in question. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate
    to cover the damages from any such claims, forcing us to bear
    these uninsured damages directly, which could harm our operating
    results and may result in additional expenses and possible loss
    of revenues. An accident or incident for which we are found
    partially or fully responsible, even if fully insured, may also
    result in negative publicity, which would harm our reputation
    among our customers and the public, cause us to lose existing
    and future contracts or make it more difficult for us to compete
    effectively, thereby significantly harming our operating
    performance. Such an accident or incident might also make it
    more expensive or impossible for us to insure against similar
    events in the future. Even unsuccessful claims relating to
    accidents could result in substantial costs to us and diversion
    of our management resources. We and
    our independent registered public accounting firm identified two
    material weaknesses in our internal controls, which in the past
    have, and if not properly remediated, could in the future result
    in material misstatements of our financial
    statements. In connection with our review of our financial results for
    fiscal 2007, we and our independent registered public accounting
    firm reported to our Board of Directors two material weaknesses
    in our internal control over financial reporting. A material
    weakness is defined by the standards issued by the Public
    Company Accounting Oversight Board as a significant deficiency,
    or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more 9 Table of Contents than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the
    annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
    detected. These weaknesses related to our lack of technical
    oversight in prior financial statements and an inadequate level
    of accounting personnel. These material weaknesses resulted in,
    or contributed to, adjustments to our financial statements and,
    in certain cases, restatement of prior financial statements.
    These adjustments, related primarily to an error in accounting
    for a capital lease entered into in 1997, resulted in an
    increase in net income of $180,000 and an increase in net loss
    of $473,000 for the years ended May 31, 2006 and 2005,
    respectively. We have developed and started to execute a plan to
    remediate the material weaknesses by implementing additional
    formal policies and procedures, increasing management review and
    oversight over the financial statement close and reporting
    processes and hiring additional accounting personnel. However,
    if these measures fail to fully remediate the material
    weaknesses or if additional material weaknesses in our internal
    controls are discovered in the future, we may be unable to
    provide required financial information in a timely and reliable
    manner, or otherwise comply with the standards applicable to us
    as a public company, and our management may not be able to
    report that our internal control over financial reporting is
    effective for fiscal 2010 or thereafter, when we are required to
    comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
    This may cause a loss of investor confidence in us and the
    reliability of our financial statements and, as a result, harm
    our business and the trading price of our common stock. In addition, in March 2008, we began implementing an upgrade to
    our accounting software system. We will transition selected
    financial processes to the new system and expect to complete the
    upgrade in fiscal 2009. If we do not effectively and timely
    implement this system or if the system does not operate as
    intended, it could adversely impact the effectiveness of our
    internal control over financial reporting. If we
    are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of trained
    engineers, scientists and other highly skilled workers at
    competitive wages, our operational performance may be harmed and
    our costs may increase. We believe that our success depends, in part, upon our ability
    to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of trained
    engineers, scientists and other highly skilled employees at
    competitive wages. The demand for such employees is currently
    high, and we project that it may increase substantially in the
    future. Many of the companies with which we compete for
    experienced personnel have comparatively greater name
    recognition and resources. In addition, in making employment
    decisions, job candidates often consider the value of the stock
    options they are to receive in connection with their employment.
    Volatility in the future market price of our stock may,
    therefore, adversely affect our ability to attract or retain key
    employees. Furthermore, the relatively new requirement to
    expense stock options may discourage us from granting the size
    or type of stock option awards that job candidates require to
    join our company. The markets for our products and services also
    require us to field personnel trained and certified in
    accordance with standards set by domestic or international
    standard-setting bodies, such as the American Society of
    Non-Destructive Testing. Because of the limited supply of these
    certified technicians, we expend substantial resources
    maintaining in-house training and certification programs. If we
    fail to attract sufficient new personnel or fail to motivate and
    retain our current personnel, our ability to perform under
    existing contracts and orders or to pursue new business may be
    harmed, causing us to lose customers and revenues, and the costs
    of performing such contracts and orders may increase, which
    would likely reduce our margins. If we
    lose members of our senior management team upon whom we are
    dependent, we may not be able to manage our operations and
    achieve our strategic objectives. Our future success depends to a considerable degree upon the
    availability, contributions, vision, skills, experience and
    effort of our senior management team. We do not maintain
    “key person” insurance on any of our employees other
    than Dr. Sotirios Vahaviolos, our Chairman, President and
    Chief Executive Officer. We currently have no employment
    agreements with members of our senior management team. Although
    we anticipate entering into employment agreements with certain
    executive officers in connection with this offering, these
    agreements will not guarantee the services of the individual for
    a specified period of time. All of the agreements with members
    of our senior 