. It is possible
that the ingredients we use in our Compounded Products (including our Mango ED product, which is made with Sildenafil as an alternative
to Tadalafil) or any other products we sell, including PRIME, could be found to result in increases in the likelihood of developing cancer
or other diseases, which could subject us to litigation, penalties or recalls, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our
operations and cause the value of our securities to decline in value or become worthless. Furthermore, our use of Sildenafil in our products
could subject us to litigation, penalties or recalls, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cause the
value of our securities to decline in value or become worthless. 29 Table of Contents Disruptions
in our data and information systems could harm our reputation and our ability to run our business. We
rely extensively on data and information systems for our supply chain, financial reporting, human resources and various other operations,
processes and transactions. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between us, our suppliers and customers depend on
information technology. Our data and information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications
failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including breaches of our transaction processing or other systems that could result in
the compromise of confidential customer data), catastrophic events, data breaches and usage errors by our employees or third-party service
providers. Our data and information technology systems may also fail to perform as we anticipate, and we may encounter difficulties in
adapting these systems to changing technologies or expanding them to meet the future needs of our business. If our systems are breached,
damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, suffer interruptions in our
operations, incur liability to our customers and others or face costly litigation, and our reputation with our customers may be harmed.
We also rely on third parties for a majority of our data and information systems, including for third-party hosting and payment processing.
If these facilities fail, or if they suffer a security breach or interruption or degradation of service, a significant amount of our
data could be lost or compromised and our ability to operate our business and deliver our product offerings could be materially impaired.
In addition, various third parties, such as our suppliers and payment processors, also rely heavily on information technology systems,
and any failure of these systems could also cause loss of sales, transactional or other data and significant interruptions to our business.
Any material interruption in the data and information technology systems we rely on, including the data or information technology systems
of third parties, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Risks
Related to Legal, Regulatory and Government We
incur significant costs to ensure compliance with U.S. and Nasdaq reporting and corporate governance requirements. We
incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements and with applicable U.S. and Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq. All of these
applicable rules and regulations significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming
and costly. These applicable rules and regulations also make it more difficult and more expensive for us to retain director and officer
liability insurance and as a result, we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs
to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve
on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. If
we fail to comply with government laws and regulations it could have a materially adverse effect on our business. The
health care industry is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to licensure, conduct of operations,
ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and services, payment for services and prices for services that are extremely complex
and for which, in many instances, the industry does not have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation. We exercise
care in structuring our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources to attempt to comply in all material respects with applicable
laws. We also take such laws into account when planning future marketing and other activities, and expect that our operations are in
compliance with applicable laws. The laws, rules and regulations described above are complex and subject to interpretation. In the event
of a determination that we are in violation of such laws, rules or regulations, or if further changes in the regulatory framework occur,
any such determination or changes could have a material adverse effect on our business. There can be no assurance however that we will
not be found in noncompliance in any particular situation. Separately,
Federal law limits compounded drugs that are “ essentially copies ” of commercially available FDA approved drugs, including
those with the same route of administration. If our Compounded Products, or any future products we may choose to market in the future
are deemed to be “ essentially copies ” of commercially available FDA approved drugs we would be prohibited from compounding
such drugs and would be unable to sell our Compounded Products or future products. If that were to occur, we would need to change our
business plan which would require substantial additional expenses and would have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and the
value of our securities. 30 Table of Contents Marketing
activities for our Pharmaceutical Products are subject to strict governmental regulation which may limit our ability to market or promote
such product. Our
business model depends on qualifying for certain statutory exemptions for drugs that are compounded by pharmacies in accordance with
applicable requirements. Pharmacy compounding is also subject to state oversight and regulation. Federal requirements include obtaining
individual prescriptions establishing that the compounded drug is necessary for each drug prescribed for each of our customers. Federal
law also limits compounded drugs that are “ essentially copies ” of commercially available FDA approved drugs, including
those with the same route of administration. These restrictions will limit our ability to market compounded drugs that have the same
active ingredients and route of administration as FDA-approved drugs, unless the compounded version offers a significant difference that
the prescriber determines is necessary for each individual patient. The
FDA also has the authority to impose significant restrictions on approved products through regulations on advertising, promotional and
distribution activities. In particular, the FDA will object to any promotional activity (including through testimonials and surrogates)
that is “ false or misleading in any particular, ” including the failure to disclose material facts. For example, the
FDA will expect adequate substantiation for an efficacy claim, which would require substantial evidence derived from adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials. We believe we can conduct truthful and non-misleading promotional activities, including activities involving the use
of testimonials and surrogates, with limited claims that do not require substantial evidence derived from adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials and which do not include efficacy claims. If our products are marketed in contradiction with FDA laws and regulations,
the FDA may issue warning letters that require specific remedial measures to be taken, as well as an immediate cessation of the impermissible
conduct, resulting in adverse publicity. The FDA may also require that all future promotional materials receive prior agency review and
approval before use. Certain states have also adopted regulations and reporting requirements surrounding the promotion of pharmaceuticals.
Failure by us or any of our collaborators to comply with state requirements may affect our ability to promote or sell future products
in certain states. This, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and financial condition and could subject
us to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions. These
restrictions may be more burdensome for compounded products as compared with FDA approved products because the latter have substantial
evidence of safety and effectiveness, which will limit our ability to compete against the sale of comparable FDA-approved products. Evolving
government regulations and enforcement activities may require increased costs or adversely affect our results of operations. Our
operations may be subject to direct and indirect adoption, expansion or reinterpretation of various laws and regulations. Compliance
with these evolving laws, regulations and interpretations may require us to change our practices at an undeterminable and possibly significant
initial monetary and annual expense. These additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. There could also be laws and regulations applicable to our business that we have not identified
or that, if changed, may be costly to us, and we cannot predict all the ways in which implementation of such laws and regulations may
affect us. Additionally,
the 