and also: • we may not be able to assemble sufficient resources to acquire or discover additional product candidates; • competitors may develop alternatives that render our potential product candidates obsolete or less attractive; • potential product candidates we develop may nevertheless be covered by third parties’ patents or other exclusive rights; • potential product candidates may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval and
achieve market acceptance; 15 Table of Contents • potential product candidates may not be effective in treating their targeted diseases; • the market for a potential product candidate may change so that the continued development of that product candidate is no longer reasonable; • a potential product candidate may not be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at an acceptable cost, or at all; or • the regulatory pathway for a potential product candidate is too complex and difficult to navigate successfully or economically. In addition, we may choose to focus our efforts and resources on a potential product candidate that ultimately proves to be unsuccessful. As a
result, we may fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities, be required to forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other diseases that may later prove to have greater
commercial potential, or relinquish valuable rights to such product candidates through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization
rights. If we are unable to identify additional suitable product candidates for clinical development, this would adversely impact our business strategy and our financial position and share price and could potentially cause us to cease operations. Management concluded that factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and our independent registered public
accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relation to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited consolidated financial statements included in this prospectus. Our consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2016 and 2017 and March 31, 2017 and 2018 and for the periods then ended were prepared
assuming that we will continue as a going concern and accordingly the accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. However, we do not have adequate cash
on hand to fund our anticipated expenses past the next 12 months without obtaining significant additional financing. This raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Such determination could materially limit our
ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of new debt or equity securities or otherwise. There is no assurance that sufficient financing will be available when needed to allow us to continue as a going concern. The perception that we
may not be able to continue as a going concern may also make it more difficult to operate our business due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual obligations. Our ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon, among other
factors, the sale of ordinary shares in this offering or obtaining alternate financing. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital. If we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to curtail
our research and development initiatives and take additional measures to reduce costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. These measures could cause significant delays in our clinical
efforts, which is critical to the realization of our business plan. It is not possible for us to predict at this time the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential of our proposed business and operations are currently
unknown. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, you may lose some or all of your investment. In addition, the report of our
independent registered public accounting firm with respect to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this prospectus contains an explanatory paragraph stating the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, is
subject to significant uncertainty with respect to its product development and has stated that substantial doubt exists about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern Management’s evaluation of the events and conditions and
management’s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. 16 Table of Contents Risks Related to Discovery, Development, Clinical Testing, Manufacturing and Regulatory Approval We intend to identify and develop product candidates based on our novel gene therapy platform, which makes it difficult to predict the time and cost of
product candidate development. Very few products that utilize transduction technology have been approved in the United States or in Europe, and there have only been a limited number of clinical trials involving a gene therapy product candidate. We have concentrated a portion of our research and development efforts on our gene therapy platform, which uses both transduction
and gene regulation technology. Our future success depends on the successful development of these novel therapeutic approaches. To date, very few products that utilize gene transfer have been approved in the United States or Europe. There have been
a limited number of clinical trials of gene transduction technologies, with only one product candidate ever approved by the FDA. Our gene
therapy platform is based on a suite of viral vectors which we can deploy with gene therapy constructs, which relies on the ability of AAV to efficiently transmit a therapeutic gene to certain kinds of cells. The mechanism of action by which these
vectors target particular tissues is still not completely understood. Therefore, it is difficult for us to determine that our vectors will be able to properly deliver gene transfer constructs to, enough tissue cells to reach therapeutic levels. We
cannot be certain that our viral vectors will be able to meet safety and efficacy levels needed to be therapeutic in humans or that they will not cause significant adverse events or toxicities. Furthermore, recent work conducted by a third party in non-human primates suggests that intravenous delivery of certain AAV vectors at very high doses may result in severe toxicity. The indications that we target do not use IV administration for viral vector delivery
and do not use doses as high as those tested in these publications, and to date we have not observed the severe toxicities described in these publications with the naturally occurring AAV vectors that we use. However, we cannot be certain that we
will be able to avoid triggering toxicities in our future preclinical studies or clinical trials. Any such results could impact our ability to develop a product candidate. As a result of these factors, it is more difficult for us to predict the time
and cost of product candidate development, and we cannot predict whether the application of our gene therapy platform, or any similar or competitive gene therapy platforms, will result in the identification, development, and regulatory approval of
any product candidates, or that other gene therapy technologies will not be considered better or more attractive. There can be no assurance that any development problems we experience in the future related to our gene therapy platform or any of our
research programs will not cause significant delays or unanticipated costs, or that such development problems can be solved. We may also experience delays and challenges in utilizing our manufacturing facility and achieving sustainable,
reproducible, and scalable production. Any of these factors may prevent us from completing our preclinical studies or clinical trials or commercializing any product candidates we may develop on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. In addition, because our gene regulation technology is still in the research stage, we have not yet been able to assess safety in humans, and
there may be long-term effects from treatment that we cannot predict at this time. Also, animal models may not exist for some of the diseases we expect to pursue. Because gene therapy is novel and the regulatory landscape that governs any product candidates we may develop is uncertain and may change, we cannot
predict the time and cost of obtaining regulatory approval, if we receive it at all, for any product candidates we may develop. The regulatory requirements that will govern any novel gene therapy product candidates we develop are not entirely clear and may change.
Within the broader genetic medicine field, very few therapeutic products have received marketing authorization from the EMA and FDA. Even with respect to more established products that fit into the categories of gene therapies or cell therapies, the
regulatory landscape is still developing. Regulatory requirements governing gene therapy products and cell therapy products have changed frequently and will likely continue to change in the future. Moreover, there is substantial, and sometimes
uncoordinated, overlap in those responsible for regulation of existing gene therapy products and cell therapy products. For example, in the United States, the FDA has established the Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies within its Center for
Biologics Evaluation and Research, or CBER, to consolidate the review of gene therapy and related products, and the 17 Table of Contents Cellular, Tissue a