” section of this prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Overview We are a precision genetic medicines company committed to
developing curative therapeutics for patients using our proprietary, comprehensive metagenomics-derived genome editing toolbox. Genetic diseases are caused by a diverse set of mutations that have been largely inaccessible by genome engineering
approaches to date. Genetic mutations are seen in a variety of forms, including deletions, insertions, single-base-pair changes and sequence repeats, and are found throughout the genome and across a variety of different cell types, tissues, and
organ systems. Additionally, many diseases lack a genetic origin but have the potential to be effectively and permanently addressed through genome editing. We are harnessing the power of metagenomics, the study of genetic material recovered from the
natural environment, to unlock four billion years of microbial evolution to discover and develop a suite of novel editing tools capable of correcting any type of genetic mutation found anywhere in the genome. Our comprehensive genome editing toolbox
includes programmable nucleases, base editors, and RNA and DNA-mediated integration systems (including prime editing systems and clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeat
(“CRISPR”)-associated transposases (“CASTs”)). We believe our diverse and modular toolbox positions us to access the entire genome and select the optimal tool to unlock the full potential of genome editing for patients. Since our inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, research and
development activities, building our intellectual property portfolio and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We have historically financed our operations primarily through issuing redeemable convertible preferred units
and convertible promissory notes and entering into collaboration agreements, which generate collaboration revenue. We have incurred significant operating losses
since inception and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future. Our net losses were $21.4 million and $43.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our net losses were
$29.0 million and $49.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2022 and 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $125.7 million. We anticipate that our expenses and operating
losses will increase substantially for the foreseeable future as we: • advance our current research activities and further develop our platform; • develop, maintain, expand, and protect our intellectual property portfolio; • continue preclinical development and initiate clinical trials for any product candidates we may identify; • seek regulatory approval for any product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical trials; 101 Table of Contents • establish our manufacturing capabilities, including internal manufacturing facilities and contracting with other vendors; • ultimately, commercialize any future product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, requiring significant
marketing, sales, and distribution infrastructure expenses; • hire additional research and development, clinical, commercial, general and administrative personnel; • acquire or in-license product candidates, intellectual property and technologies; • establish and maintain collaborations; • add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel; or • incur additional legal, audit, accounting, compliance, insurance, investor relations and other expenses to operate as a
public company that we did not incur as a private company. We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully
initiate and complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more product candidates. If we obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate and do not enter into a commercialization partnership, we expect to incur
significant expenses related to developing our commercialization capability to support product sales, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution. As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and
pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, and
marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into
such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, reduce or eliminate the development and commercialization of our platform or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. As of September 30, 2023, we had cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale marketable securities of $292.9 million. We believe that the anticipated net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through
                . We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. See
“Liquidity and Capital Resources” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related To Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital.” Macroeconomic Trends Unfavorable conditions in the economy in the United
States and abroad may negatively affect the growth of our business and our results of operations. For example, macroeconomic events, including, rising inflation, tensions in U.S.-China relations, the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Federal Reserve raising interest rates, recent and potential future disruptions in access to bank deposits and lending commitments due to bank failures and the effects of the ongoing geopolitical conflict in Ukraine and the
Israel-Hamas war, have led to economic uncertainty and volatility globally. The effect of macroeconomic conditions may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. To date, the macroeconomic trends discussed above have
not had a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If, however, economic uncertainty increases or the global economy worsens, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed.
For further discussion of the potential impacts of macroeconomic events on our business, financial condition, and operating results, refer to the section titled “Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this prospectus. 102 Table of Contents Collaboration and License Agreements Moderna Strategic Collaboration and License Agreement On
October 29, 2021, the effective date, we entered into a Strategic Collaboration and License Agreement (the “Moderna Agreement”) with Moderna. We will collaborate with Moderna on the research and development of in vivo genome
editing therapies directed at certain targets and the commercialization of such genome editing therapies. The collaboration provides Moderna with exclusive access to our technology platform during the research period in (1) the field of in
vivo gene editing technology for a therapeutic, ameliorative or prophylactic application by way of knock-out through InDel formation or base editing or insertion of an exogenous DNA template (such field,
“DT Field”) and (2) the field of in vivo gene editing technology for a therapeutic, ameliorative or prophylactic application outside the use of (a) DNA donor templates and (b) no exogenous template at all but
including (c) correction by base editing (such field, “RT Field”). We formed a joint steering committee, a joint research subcommittee and a joint patent subcommittee to oversee the collaboration activities. Under the terms of the Moderna Agreement, we and Moderna will collaborate on one or more programs in the RT Field (the “Moderna RT program”) and two programs
in the DT Field (the “Moderna DT program” and the “DT Co-Co program”). With respect to the Moderna RT
and Moderna DT programs, we will collaborate on the research and development of product candidates under the approved research plans. The initial research term of the Moderna RT program is four years, which may be extended by Moderna for an
additional three years upon written notice and a payment of extension fees. The initial research term of the Moderna DT program is four years. We granted to Moderna an option to obtain an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize
up to ten Moderna RT program candidates and up to two Moderna DT program candidates at any time during the research term and prior to filing of an IND application with the FDA or any similar application filed with a regulatory authority in a country
other than the United States (“U.S.”), subject to Moderna’s payment of an option exercise fee of $10.0 million per target. With respect to the
DT Co-Co program, we will work together with Moderna on the co-development and commercialization of products and share costs and profits equally. We maintain
commercialization rights in the U.S. (subject to Moderna’s right to appoint up to 50% of the U.S. sales force for the DT Co-Co program), while Moderna maintains these rights in countries other than the
U.S. The initial research term for the DT Co-Co program is four years, and each party has a right to opt-out of the DT Co-Co program at any time, at which point the other party has the right to solely continue the develo