A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business and ownership of our common stock is set forth below. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects could also be negatively affected by risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently believe are not material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business A significant portion of our operating revenues is generated by our transaction and clearing-based business. If the amount of trading volume on our markets or clearing volume decreases, or the product mix shifts to lower revenue products, our revenues less cost of revenues from transaction and clearing fees will most likely decrease. Our business is dependent on our ability to attract and maintain order flow, both in absolute terms and relative to other market centers. Approximately 51.6%, 45.7%, 50.9% and 60.0% of our revenues less cost of revenues for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, and the nine months ended September 30, 2025, respectively, were from net transaction and clearing fees, calculated as transaction and clearing fees, less liquidity payments, brokerage, clearing, exchange, and Section 31 fees, divided by revenues less cost of revenues. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Key Components of Our Results of Operations” for additional information. Our exchanges’ current market participants and any market participants that our exchanges obtain in the future could decide to reduce their level of trading activity for any reason, including: • a reduction in trading demand by customers; • heightened capital maintenance requirements or other regulatory or legislative requirements; • reduced access to capital required to fund trading activities; and • significant market disruptions. Dorman Trading’s revenues and operating results may fluctuate because of the following, among other, factors: • market conditions, such as price levels and volatility in the commodities markets in which Dorman Trading operates; • changes in the volume of customer trading activities; and, • the level and volatility of interest rates. Trading volumes and values are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of securities and the overall level of investor confidence. If the amount of trading volume on our exchanges or through our FCM were to decrease, we would likely see a decrease in fees. If we are unable to maintain our current trading volume or grow the trading volume on our exchanges or through our FCM, our financial performance would be negatively affected. In addition, exchange transaction fees generated are different based on type of product and other factors, including the type of customer and certain volume discounts. If the amount of our trading volume decreases, the mix traded shifts to our lower revenue per contract products, our revenues from transaction fees will most likely 25 Table of Contents decrease. We can offer no assurance that we would be able to reduce our costs to match the amount of any such decrease. Global economic, political and financial market events or conditions may negatively impact our business. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including recessions, inflation, supply chain issues, labor shortages, government shutdowns, political uncertainty and discord, currency fluctuations, interest rate changes, regional conflicts or wars and other geopolitical events or conflicts, international trade disputes and sanction laws, including the imposition of tariffs or other protectionist measures, actual or anticipated large-scale defaults or failures or slowdown of global trade have in the past negatively impacted consumer and corporate confidence and resulted in reductions in consumer, government and corporate spending, and could have such effects in the future, which could negatively impact our business. A substantial portion of our revenues are derived from market data and access fees and fees for transactions executed and cleared in our markets. The market data and access fees and trading volumes in our markets could decline substantially if our market participants reduce their level of spending or trading activity for any reason, including: • adverse market conditions that curtail the addition of new customers or cause a decrease in purchases by our existing customers for our products and services; • weakness in the macroeconomic environment that causes our customers to delay or cancel existing orders or subscriptions; • cost-cutting pressures across the industry or a decrease in demand for our products and services that lead to a reduction in price; • consolidation in our markets or the markets of our customers that results in a reduction in the number of market participants; • a reduction in trading demand by customers or a decision to curtail or cease hedging or speculative trading; • regulatory or legislative changes impacting our business, our customers and financial markets; • the impact of climate change and the impact of, and uncertainty related to, the transition to renewable energy and away from crude oil, including regulatory or legislative changes; • disruptions due to terrorism, regional conflicts, wars, pandemics or other catastrophes; • a prolonged decrease in volatility in the financial markets; • heightened capital and margin requirements or mandated reductions in leverage resulting from new regulations; • defaults by clearing or exchange members or the inability of participants to pay out contractual obligations; • unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading and clearing; • changes to our contract specifications that are not viewed favorably by our market participants; or • reduced access to, or availability of, capital required to fund trading activities. A reduction in our overall trading volume could render our markets less attractive to market participants as a source of liquidity, which could result in further loss of trading volume and associated transaction-based revenues. A reduction in trading volumes could also result in a corresponding decrease in the demand for our market data, which would further reduce our overall revenue. 26 Table of Contents Actual events involving reduced or limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. Additionally, uncertainty and liquidity concerns in the financial markets can prove detrimental to the financial services industry and its participants, such as our vendors, suppliers, and investors, and may also adversely affect our operations and stock price. Our failure to maintain order flow from providers following the IPO and this offering could negatively affect our results of operations. We entered into arrangements with order flow providers of our MIAX Exchanges whereby MIH issued providers warrants to acquire an equity interest in MIH in exchange for such order flow providers providing order flow to the applicable MIAX Exchange. The warrants issued to the providers under these programs vested upon the satisfaction of certain performance targets relating to order flow having been achieved by the order flow providers. Since September 2013, we implemented five ERPs, with a number of participating member firms in MIAX Options, MIAX Pearl and MIAX Pearl Equities, respectively, whereby such firms acquired the ability to earn warrants to purchase MIH common stock in exchange for the delivery of a certain fixed percentage of ADV, over certain measurement periods. As of June 30, 2024, the periods during which warrants may be earned under all ERPs have expired. See “Description of Capital Stock — Equity Rights Program Warrants” for additional information regarding the warrants issued under our ERPs. We cannot predict whether the firms that participated in our ERPs will continue to be incentivized to provide the same level of order flow to our MIAX Exchanges after the IPO and this offering or after such participants have sold their shares of our common stock. Furthermore, we may face competition from our ERP participants and other exchange members who already have or may acquire an ownership interest in competing businesses (including other national securities exchanges, dark pools, alternative trading systems (“ATSs”) and electronic communication networks (“ECNs”)). These businesses may compete with us, either in relation to existing product and service offerings or any diversification of our product and service offerings into new asset classes and/or new geographic locations. Revenues from our market data fees and access fees on our MIAX Exchanges may be reduced due to declines in our market share, trading volumes or regulatory changes. Non-transaction fees accounted for 49.1% and 40.0% of our revenues less cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the