You should carefully consider the risks
described below together with all of the other information
included in this prospectus before making an investment
decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not
the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that
we are unaware of, or that we may currently deem immaterial, may
become important factors that harm our business. Our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or
uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our common
stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your
investment. Risks Related to Our Business Because we have a limited operating
history, it is difficult to evaluate our business and
prospects. MarketAxess was formed in April 2000 and
pilot trading on our electronic trading platform began in
October 2000 with the commercial launch of the platform in
January 2001. As a result, we have only a limited operating
history from which you can evaluate our business and our
prospects. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently
experienced by early-stage companies in rapidly evolving
industries, such as the electronic financial services industry.
These risks and difficulties include, but are not limited to,
our ability to: • attract and retain broker-dealers and
    institutional investors on a cost-effective basis; • expand and enhance reliable and cost-effective
    product and service offerings to our clients; • respond effectively to competitive pressures; • diversify our sources of revenues; • maintain adequate control of our expenses; • operate, support, expand and develop our
    operations, website, software, communications and other systems; • manage growth in personnel and operations; • increase awareness of our brand or market
    positioning; • expand our sales and marketing programs; and • respond to regulatory changes or demands. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks
or in executing our business strategy, our business, financial
condition and results of operations may suffer. We have experienced losses and may incur
losses in the future. Our losses were $16.8 million from the
period of inception through December 31, 2000,
$62.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2001 and
$32.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2002.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2002, we reported a
loss of $24.1 million and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2003, we reported net income of
$4.7 million. We expect that our expenses will increase in
the near term in order to continue expanding our business and to
meet the requirements related to being a public company. We
cannot predict whether we will be able to sustain profitability
and we may incur losses in future periods. If we are not able to
sustain profitability, our stock price may decline. Neither the sustainability of our current
level of business nor our growth can be assured. Even if we do
experience growth, we cannot assure you that we will grow
profitably. The use of our electronic trading platform is
relatively new. Our business strategy is dependent on the growth
of our business. The success of our business strategy depends,
in part, on our ability to maintain and expand the network of
broker-dealer and institutional investor clients that use our
electronic trading platform. 6 Our business strategy also depends on increasing
the use of our platform by these clients. Individuals at
broker-dealers or institutional investors may have conflicting
interests which may discourage their use of our platform. Our growth is also dependent on our ability to
diversify our revenue base going forward. We currently derive a
majority of our revenues from secondary trading in U.S.
high-grade corporate bonds. Our long-term business strategy is
dependent on expanding our service offerings and increasing our
revenues from other fixed-income products and other sources. We
cannot assure you that our efforts will be successful or result
in increased revenues or continued profitability. Our plans to pursue other opportunities for
revenue growth, which we describe in “Business —
Our Strategy,” are at an early stage, and we cannot assure
you that our plans will be successful or that we will actually
proceed with them as described. We face substantial competition that could
reduce our market share and harm our financial
performance. The fixed-income securities industry generally,
and the electronic financial services markets in which we engage
in particular, are highly competitive, and we expect competition
to intensify in the future. We will continue to compete with
bond trading business conducted directly between broker-dealers
and their institutional investor clients over the telephone or
electronically. In addition, our current and prospective
competitors are numerous and include: • other multi-dealer trading companies; • market data and information vendors; • securities and futures exchanges; • inter-dealer brokerage firms; • electronic communications networks; • technology, software, information and media or
    other companies that have existing commercial relationships with
    broker-dealers or institutional investors; and • other electronic marketplaces that are not
    currently in the securities business. Many of our current and potential competitors are
more established and substantially larger than we are, and have
substantially greater market presence, as well as greater
financial, engineering, technical, marketing and other
resources. These competitors may aggressively reduce their
pricing to enter into market segments in which we have a
leadership position today, subsidizing any losses with profits
from trading in other fixed-income or equity securities. In
addition, many of our competitors offer a wider range of
services, have broader name recognition and have larger customer
bases than we do. Some of them may be able to respond more
quickly to new or evolving opportunities, technologies and
customer requirements than we can and may be able to undertake
more extensive promotional activities. Any combination of our competitors may enter into
joint ventures or consortia to provide services similar to those
provided by us. Current and new competitors can launch new
platforms at a relatively low cost. Others may acquire the
capabilities necessary to compete with us through acquisitions.
We expect that we will potentially compete with a variety of
companies with respect to each product or service we offer. If
we are not able to compete successfully in the future, our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be
adversely affected. For more information, see
“Business — Competition.” We are dependent on our broker-dealer
    clients, who are not restricted from buying and selling
    fixed-income securities directly or through their own
    proprietary or third-party platforms. We rely on our broker-dealer clients to provide
product and liquidity on our electronic trading platform by
posting bonds in inventory and responding to investor inquiries.
Although each broker-dealer client is currently a party to an
agreement with us, the obligations of each broker-dealer under
these agreements are minimal. 7 None of these agreements is exclusive and
broker-dealers may terminate such agreements and/or enter into,
and in some cases have entered into, similar agreements with our
competitors. Our broker-dealer clients buy and sell
fixed-income securities directly with their clients through
traditional trading methods, including telephone conversations,
e-mail messaging and other electronic methods of communication.
Most of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients are
participants in other ventures, including other electronic
trading platforms or other distribution channels, as trading
participants and/or equity holders, and such ventures or newly
created ventures may compete with us and our electronic trading
platform now and in the future. We have historically earned a substantial portion
of our commissions from the nine broker-dealer clients that are
our stockholders. For the year ended December 31, 2001,
81.2% of our commissions, for the year ended December 31,
2002, 80.0% of our commissions, and for the nine months ended
September 30, 2003, 63.2% of our commissions, were
generated by these nine broker-dealer clients. Additionally, six
of these nine broker-dealer clients — Banc of America
Securities, Bear Stearns, Credit Suisse First Boston, Deutsche
Bank, JPMorgan and Lehman Brothers — have had a right
to appoint a member of our board of directors, which right will
terminate upon the consummation of this offering. None of our
broker-dealer clients is contractually or otherwise obligated to
continue to use our electronic trading platform. Reduced
involvement of these broker-dealer clients after this offering
due to their loss of a right to designate a member of our board
of directors, or the reduction in the level of their equity
ownership due to their selling a portion of their shares of our
common stock in this offering, may cause them to reduce or
discontinue their use of our electronic trading platform and
other services. The loss of, or a significant reduction of,
participation on our platform by these broker-dealer clients
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Consortia owned by some of our broker-dealer
clients have developed electronic trading networks or have
announced their intention to explore the development of
electronic trading networks. These competing trading platforms
may offer some features that we do not currently offer.
Furthermore, our broker-dealer clients may in the future
continue to make other investments in businesses that may
directly or indirectly compete with us, including, either
individually or collectively, organizing or investing in a
separate comp