Limited partner interests are inherently different from the capital stock
of a corporation, although many of the business risks to which we are subject
are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a business
similar to ours. You should carefully consider the following risk factors
together with all of the other information included in this prospectus in
evaluating an investment in our common units. If any of the following risks
were actually to occur, our business, financial condition or results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, we might not
be able to pay distributions on our common units, the trading price of our
common units could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business We may not have sufficient cash after the establishment of cash reserves and
payment of our general partner’s expenses to enable us to pay the minimum
quarterly distribution each quarter. On a pro forma basis for 2002, determined by reference to the historical
combined results of operations for Martin Midstream Partners Predecessor and
applying pro forma adjustments to the historical results of operations of
Martin Midstream Partners Predecessor to give effect to the transactions that
occurred in connection with our initial public offering in November 2002, our
available cash from operating surplus would have been insufficient in 2002 to
pay the minimum quarterly distribution on all our units. We may not have
sufficient available cash each quarter in the future to pay the minimum
quarterly distribution on all our units. Under the terms of our partnership
agreement, we must pay our general partner’s expenses and set aside any cash
reserve amounts before making a distribution to our unitholders. The amount of
cash we can distribute on our common units principally depends upon the amount
of net cash generated from our operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to
quarter based on, among other things: • the costs of acquisitions, if any; • the prices of hydrocarbon products and by-products; • fluctuations in our working capital; • the level of capital expenditures we make; • restrictions contained in our debt instruments and our debt service requirements; • our ability to make working capital borrowings under our revolving credit facility; and • the amount, if any, of cash reserves established by our general partner in its discretion. You should also be aware that the amount of cash we have available for
distribution depends primarily on our cash flow, including cash flow from
working capital borrowings, and not solely on profitability, which will be
affected by non-cash items. In addition, our general partner determines the
amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, capital expenditures,
borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities and the
establishment of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash
available for distribution to our unitholders. As a result, we may make cash
distributions during periods when we record losses and may not make cash
distributions during periods when we record net income. Adverse weather conditions could reduce our results of operations and
ability to make distributions to our unitholders. Our distribution network and operations are primarily concentrated in the
Gulf Coast region and along the Mississippi River inland waterway. Weather in
these regions is sometimes severe and can be a major factor in our day-to-day
operations. Our marine transportation operations can be significantly delayed,
impaired or postponed by adverse weather conditions, such as fog in the winter
and spring months, and certain river conditions. Additionally, our marine
transportation operations and our assets in the Gulf of Mexico, including our
barges, pushboats, tugboats and terminals, can be adversely impacted or damaged
by hurricanes, tropical storms, tidal waves or other related 18 Table of Contents events. Demand for our lubricants and the diesel fuel we throughput in
our terminalling segment can be affected if offshore drilling operations are
disrupted by weather in the Gulf of Mexico. National weather conditions have a substantial impact on the demand for
our products. Unusually warm weather during the winter months can cause a
significant decrease in the demand for LPG products, fuel oil and gasoline.
Likewise, extreme weather conditions (either wet or dry) can decrease the
demand for fertilizer. For example, an unusually wet spring can delay planting
of seeds, which can leave insufficient time to apply fertilizer at the planting
stage. Conversely, drought conditions can kill or severely stunt the growth of
crops, thus eliminating the need to nurture plants with fertilizer. Any of
these or similar conditions could result in a decline in our net income and
cash flow, which would reduce our ability to make distributions to our
unitholders. We receive a material portion of our net income and cash available for
distribution from our unconsolidated non-controlling 49.5% limited partner
interest in CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. We receive a material portion of our net income and cash available for
distribution from our unconsolidated non-controlling 49.5% limited partner
interest in CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. CF Industries owns the remaining 49.5%
limited partner interest. We have virtually no rights or control over the
operations or management of cash generated by this entity. CF Martin Sulphur,
L.P. is managed by its general partner, which is owned equally by CF Industries
and Martin Resource Management. Deadlocks between CF Industries and Martin
Resource Management over issues relating to the operation of CF Martin Sulphur,
L.P. could have an adverse impact on its results of operations and,
consequently, the amount and timing of cash generated by its operations that is
available for distribution to its partners, including us as a limited partner. Additionally, the partnership agreement for CF Martin Sulphur, L.P.
requires this entity to make cash distributions to its limited partners subject
to the discretion of its general partner, other than in limited circumstances.
As a result, we are substantially dependent upon the discretion of the general
partner with respect to the amount and timing of cash distributions from this
entity. If the general partner of CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. does not distribute
the cash generated by its operations to its limited partners, as a result of a
deadlock between CF Industries and Martin Resource Management or for any other
reason, including operating difficulties or if CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. is
unable to meet its debt service obligations, our cash flow and quarterly
distributions would be reduced significantly. We may have to sell our interest, or buy the other partnership interests in
CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. at a time when it may not be in our best interest to
do so. The CF Martin Sulphur partnership agreement contains a buy-sell mechanism
that could be implemented by a partner under certain circumstances. As a result
of this buy-sell mechanism, we could be forced to either sell our limited
partner interest or buy the limited and general partner interests of CF
Industries in CF Martin Sulphur at a time when it may not be in our best
interest to do so. In addition, we may not have sufficient cash or available
borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility to allow us to elect to
purchase the limited and general partner interest of CF Industries, in which
case we may be forced to sell our limited partner interest as a result of this
buy-sell mechanism when we would otherwise prefer to keep this interest.
Further, if CF Industries implements this buy-sell mechanism and we decide to
use cash from operations or obtain financing to purchase CF Industries’
interest in this partnership, we may not be able to make distributions to our
unitholders. Conversely, if we are required to sell our interest in this
partnership, we would lose our share of distributable income from its
operations, our ability to make subsequent distributions to our unitholders
could be adversely affected. If CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. issues additional partnership interests, our
ownership interest in this partnership would be diluted. Consequently, our
share of CF Martin Sulphur, L.P.’s distributable cash could be reduced,
which could adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our
unitholders. CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. has the ability under its partnership agreement to
issue additional general and limited partner interests. If CF Martin Sulphur,
L.P. issues additional interests, our ownership percentage in CF Martin
Sulphur, L.P., and our share of CF Martin Sulphur, L.P.’s distributable cash,
may decrease. This decrease in our ownership interest could reduce the amount
of cash distributions we receive from CF Martin Sulphur, L.P. and could
adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 19 Table of Contents If we incur material liabilities that are not fully covered by insurance,
such as liabilities resulting from accidents on rivers or at sea, spills,
fires or explosions, our results of operations and ability to make
distributions to our unitholders could be adversely affected. Our operations are subject to the operating hazards and risks incidental
to marine transportation, terminalling and the distribution of hydrocarbon
products and by-products and other industrial products. These hazards and
risks, many of which are beyond our control, include: • accidents on rivers or at sea and other hazards that could
result in releases, spills and other environmental damages, personal
injuries, loss of life and suspension of operations; • leakage of LPGs and other hydrocarbon by-products; • fires and explosions; • damage to transportation, terminalling and storage
facilities, and surrounding properties caused by natural disasters;
and • terrorist attacks or sabotage. Our insurance