An investment in
our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following factors and other information contained in this prospectus before you decide whether to invest in the shares. If any of the following risks actually occur,
the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of the money you paid to buy the shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties, including those
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, also may result in decreased revenues, increased expenses or other events which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. Risks Related To Our Business Reductions in Medicaid funding could substantially reduce our profitability. Substantially all of our revenues come from state
Medicaid premiums. The premium rates paid by each state to health plans like ours differ depending on a combination of factors such as upper payment limits established by the state and federal governments, a member’s health status, age, gender,
county or region, benefit mix and member eligibility categories. Future Medicaid premium rate levels may be affected by continued government efforts to contain medical costs, or state and federal budgetary constraints. Changes in Medicaid funding
could, for example, reduce the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for Medicaid, reduce the amount of reimbursement or payment levels by the governments or increase our administrative or health benefit costs. Additionally, changes could
eliminate coverage for certain benefits such as our pharmacy, behavioral health, vision or other benefits. In some cases, changes in funding could be made retroactive. All of the states in which we operate are presently considering legislation that
would reduce reimbursement or payment levels by the state governments or reduce the number of persons eligible for Medicaid. Reductions in Medicaid payments could reduce our profitability if we are unable to reduce our expenses. If our government contracts or our subcontracts with government contractors are not
renewed or are terminated, our business will suffer. All
of our contracts are terminable for cause if we breach a material provision of the contract or violate relevant laws or regulations. Our contracts with the states are subject to cancellation by the state in the event of unavailability of state or
federal funding. In some jurisdictions, such cancellation may be immediate and in other jurisdictions a notice period is required. In addition, most contracts are terminable without cause. Most contracts are for a specified period and are subject to
non-renewal. For example, in California, we contract with Health Net, Inc. for Los Angeles County. Health Net’s contract for Los Angeles County will terminate in 2004 unless Health Net prevails in a competitive bidding process for the contract.
If Health Net does not prevail in the bidding process or Health Net’s contract for Los Angeles County is terminated with or without cause, or our subcontract with Health Net is terminated, we could lose all of our Los Angeles County Medi-Cal
business, unless we make alternative arrangements. Absent earlier termination with or without cause, our Medi-Cal contracts for San Bernardino and Riverside Counties will also terminate in March 2005, unless they are renewed. In Washington, our
Healthy Options contract will expire in December 2005, if not renewed. In Utah, our contract expires in June 2004. Our other contracts are also eligible for termination or renewal through annual competitive bids. We may face increased competition as
other plans attempt to enter our markets through the contracting process. If we are unable to renew, successfully rebid or compete for any of our government contracts, or if any of our contracts are terminated, our business will suffer. If we were unable to effectively manage medical costs, our profitability would be
reduced. Our profitability depends, to a significant
degree, on our ability to predict and effectively manage medical costs. Historically, our medical care costs as a percentage of premium and other operating revenue have fluctuated. Relatively small changes in these medical care ratios can create
significant changes in our financial 7 Table of Contents results. Changes in health care laws, regulations and practices, level of use of health care services, hospital costs, pharmaceutical costs, major epidemics,
terrorism or bioterrorism, new medical technologies and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as inflation levels, could reduce our ability to predict and effectively control the costs of providing health care services.
Although we have been able to manage medical care costs through a variety of techniques, including various payment methods to primary care physicians and other providers, advance approval for hospital services and referral requirements, medical
management and quality management programs, our information systems, and reinsurance arrangements, we may not be able to continue to effectively manage medical care costs in the future. If our medical care costs increase, our profits could be
reduced or we may not remain profitable. A failure to accurately estimate
incurred but not reported medical care costs may hamper our operations. Our medical care costs include estimates of claims incurred but not reported. We, together with our independent actuaries, estimate our medical claims liabilities using actuarial methods based on historical data
adjusted for payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, utilization of health care services and other relevant factors. The estimation methods and the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated, and adjustments, if
necessary, are reflected in the period known. While our estimates of claims incurred but not reported have been adequate in the past, they may be inadequate in the future, which would negatively affect our results of operations. Further, our
inability to accurately estimate claims incurred but not reported may also affect our ability to take timely corrective actions, further exacerbating the extent of the negative impact on our results. If we estimate claims incurred but not reported
too conservatively, we understate our profits, which could result in inaccurate disclosure to the public in our periodic reports. We are subject to extensive government regulation. Any changes to the laws and regulations governing our business, or the interpretation and enforcement of those laws
or regulations, could cause us to modify our operations and could negatively impact our operating results. Our business is extensively regulated by the federal government and the states in which we operate. The laws and regulations governing our operations are
generally intended to benefit and protect health plan members and providers rather than stockholders. The government agencies administering these laws and regulations have broad latitude to enforce them. These laws and regulations along with the
terms of our government contracts regulate how we do business, what services we offer, and how we interact with members and the public. These laws and regulations, and their interpretations, are subject to frequent change. Changes in existing laws
or regulations, or their interpretations, or the enactment of new laws or regulations could reduce our profitability by: · imposing additional capital requirements, · increasing our liability, · increasing our administrative and other costs, · increasing or decreasing mandated benefits, · forcing us to restructure our relationships with providers, or · requiring us to implement additional or different programs and systems. For example, Congress enacted the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 which mandates that health plans enhance privacy protections
for member protected health information. This requires health plans to add, at significant cost, new administrative, information and security systems to prevent inappropriate release of protected member health information. Compliance with this law
is uncertain and has and will continue to affect our profitability. Similarly, individual states periodically consider adding operational requirements applicable to health plans, often without identifying funding for these requirements. California
recently required all health plans to make available to members independent medical review of their claims. This requirement is costly to implement and could affect our profitability. 8 Table of Contents We are subject to various routine and non-routine governmental reviews, audits and investigation.
Violation of the laws governing our operations, or changes in interpretations of those laws, could result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, the cancellation of our contracts to provide managed care services, the suspension or
revocation of our licenses, and exclusion from participation in government sponsored health programs, including Medicaid and the State Children’s Health Insurance Program. If we become subject to material fines or if other sanctions or other
corrective actions were imposed upon us, we might suffer a substantial reduction in profitability, and might also lose one or more of our government contracts and as a result lose significant numbers of members and amounts of revenue. Our business depends on our information systems, and our inability to effectively
integrate, manage and keep secure our information systems could disrupt our operations. Our business is dependent on effective and secure information systems that assist us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, supporting our health care management techniques, processing
provider claims and providing data to our regulators. Our providers also depend upon our infor