—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” As of June 30, 2025, our patent estate contains approximately 60 issued patents and pending patent applications directed
to our product candidates and certain of our proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements. In the United States, we own four issued patents, three pending non-provisional patent applications, and one pending provisional patent application.
We also own two pending Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, applications. In jurisdictions outside of the United States, we own approximately 50 pending patent applications that, in some cases, are counterparts to the foregoing U.S. patents and
patent applications. Our patent portfolio includes protection for our lead clinical stage product candidates ML-007C-MA
and ML-004, as well as our preclinical stage candidate ML-009. With respect to ML-007C-MA, ML-004 and ML-009, our patent estate as of June 30, 2025, is summarized below. ML-007C-MA As of June 30, 2025, we own three issued U.S. patents covering the composition of matter of ML-007 and one issued U.S.
patent covering the use of ML-007 to treat, among other things, schizophrenia and ADP. The issued patents covering the composition of matter of ML-007 are expected to expire between 2031 and 2032, exclusive of possible patent term adjustments or
extensions or other forms of exclusivity, and the issued patent covering the use of ML-007 to treat schizophrenia and ADP is expected to expire in 2031, exclusive of possible patent term adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity. We
also own one pending U.S. application and 16 pending foreign applications (in Australia, Bahrain, Canada, China, the EPO, Eurasia, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Kuwait, Mexico, New Zealand, Oman, Singapore and the United Arab
Emirates) directed to the combination of ML-007 and a PAC to treat, among other things, schizophrenia and ADP. Any patents issuing from these applications, if granted, will be expected to expire in 2042, exclusive of possible patent term adjustments
or extensions or other forms of exclusivity. We also own one pending Patent Cooperation Treaty, or PCT, application directed to pharmaceutical compositions containing ML-007 and a PAC, and the use of such pharmaceutical compositions, to treat, among
other things, schizophrenia and ADP. Any patents issuing from this PCT application, if granted, will be expected to expire in 2044, exclusive of possible patent term adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity. Additionally, we own one
pending U.S. provisional application covering salts and crystalline polymorphs of ML-007. Any patents issuing from patent applications that claim priority to this provisional application, if granted, will be expected to expire in 2045, exclusive of
possible patent term adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity. ML-004 As of June 30, 2025, we own one pending U.S. application and 13 pending foreign applications (in Australia, Canada, China,
the EPO, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Mexico, New Zealand, the Russian Federation, Singapore and South Africa) directed to the use of ML-004 to treat, among other things, the symptoms of ASD. Any patents issuing from these
pending patent applications, if granted, will be expected to expire in 2040, exclusive of possible patent term adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity. We also own one pending U.S. application and 21 pending foreign applications (in
Australia, Bahrain, Brazil, Canada, China, the EPO, Hong Kong, Israel, India, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Kuwait, Mexico, New Zealand, Oman, Qatar, the Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa and the United Arab Emirates)
directed to our IR/ER oral ML-004 compositions and their use to treat the symptoms of ASD. Any patents issuing from these pending patent applications, if granted, will be expected to expire in 2042, exclusive of possible patent term adjustments or
extensions or other forms of exclusivity. 127 Table of Contents ML-009 As of June 30, 2025, we own one pending PCT application directed to small molecule GPR52 agonists. Any patents issuing
from this PCT application will be expected to expire in 2044, exclusive of possible patent term adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity. Patents Individual patents have terms for varying periods depending on the date of filing of the patent application or the date of
patent issuance and the legal term of patents in the countries in which they are obtained. Generally, utility patents issued for applications filed in the United States are granted a term of 20 years from the earliest effective filing date of a
non-provisional patent application. The duration of foreign patents varies in accordance with provisions of applicable local law, but typically is also 20 years from the earliest effective filing date. With regard to our U.S. provisional patent
applications, if we do not file any corresponding non-provisional patent applications within 12 months of the provisional patent application filing date, we may lose our priority date with respect to our provisional patent applications and any
patent protection on the inventions disclosed in our provisional patent applications. All taxes, annuities or maintenance fees for a patent, as required by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and certain foreign jurisdictions, must be timely paid
in order for the patent to remain in force during this period of time. The actual protection afforded by a patent may
vary on a product-by-product basis, from country to country and can depend upon many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions and the availability of legal remedies in a
particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. Our patents and patent applications may be subject to procedural or legal challenges by others. We may be unable to obtain, maintain and protect the intellectual property rights
necessary to conduct our business, and we may be subject to claims that we infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others, which could materially harm our business. For more information, see the section titled “Risk
Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” Trademarks, Trade Secrets and Proprietary Information In addition to patents, we rely on trademarks, trade secrets, and know-how relating to our proprietary technology and programs,
continuing innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop, strengthen and maintain our proprietary position in the field of neuropsychiatric medicine. As of June 30, 2025, our trademark portfolio currently contains six trademark
registrations in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom, China, Japan and South Korea and one pending trademark application in South Korea for the mark “MAPLIGHT THERAPEUTICS.” We rely upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our
competitive position. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, by executing confidentiality agreements with our collaborators and scientific advisors and
non-competition, non-solicitation, confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, consultants and independent contractors. We have also executed agreements requiring assignment of inventions with selected scientific advisors
and collaborators. The confidentiality agreements we enter into are designed to protect our proprietary information, and the agreements or clauses requiring assignment of inventions to us are designed to grant us ownership of technologies that are
developed through our relationship with the respective counterparty. We cannot guarantee, however, that we have executed such agreements with all applicable counterparties, such agreements will not be breached, or that these agreements will afford
us adequate protection of our intellectual property and proprietary rights. See the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to our Intellectual Property.” 128 Table of Contents NeuroSolis Asset Purchase Agreement On June 18, 2020, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with NeuroSolis, Inc., or NeuroSolis, to acquire its
proprietary M 1 /M 4 agonist molecules and associated intellectual property. Pursuant to that agreement, NeuroSolis sold us its assets related to both its proprietary M 1 /M 4 agonist molecules, and its program for the identification of molecules that modulate the activity of the muscarinic M 1 receptor or the muscarinic M 4 receptor. We did not assume any liabilities of NeuroSolis in connection with our purchase of these
assets. We are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve specified development and regulatory milestones by certain achievement dates by developing a product covered by a transferred patent, including ML-007C-MA. In May 2024, we
and Neurosolis entered into a Waiver of Milestone Deadline pursuant to which Neurosolis agreed to waive the milestone achievement date for one of the specified development milestones, which we subsequently achieved in June 2025. We have made upfront and development milestone payments of $150,000 in the aggregate to NeuroSolis. In addition, we agreed to
issue NeuroSolis up to an aggregate of 1,043,014 shares of our common stock, contingent upon the occurrence of specified development and regulatory milestones, of which we issued 447,006 shares in June 2025 upon the achievement of a specified
milestone. Manufacturing We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to purchase or establish, any manufacturing facilities. We have engaged,
and expect to continue to rely on, well-established third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, to supply our product candidates for use in our preclinical stu