: An
    investment in the common stock offered under this prospectus is highly speculative and involves substantial risk. Please carefully
    consider the “ Risk Factors ” section and other information in this prospectus for a discussion of risks. Additional
    risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business and operations. OTCQX
    trading symbol “MRAI”. (1) The
    number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on the 14,361,686 shares of our common stock
    outstanding as of December 23, 2024 and excludes the following: ● 745,639
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options to purchase shares of common stock outstanding as of December 23, 2024,
    with a weighted-average exercise price of $4.59 per share; ● 1,025,000
    shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units; ● 644,718
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants to purchase shares of common stock outstanding as of December 23, 2024,
    with a weighted-average exercise price of $16.40 per share; and ● 542,355
    shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2021 Global Stock Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”). ● 232,668
                                            shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2024 Global Stock Incentive
                                            Plan (the “2024 Plan”). 3 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information
in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes and the section titled “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in our common
stock. The occurrence of any of the events or developments described below could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations
and growth prospects. In such an event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment.
Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. Currently,
our revenues are concentrated with one major customer and our revenues may decrease significantly if we were to lose our major customer. Due
to our limited operating history, we have a limited customer base and have depended on a major customer for a significant portion of
our revenue. For the three month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had one customer that accounted for 14.6% and 11.3% of
total revenue, respectively. For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had one customer that had 15.4% and 10.9%
of total revenue, respectively. At September 30, 2024, two customers accounted for 51.4%, and 11.3% of accounts receivable. At December
31, 2023, two customers accounted for 16.6% and 14.0% of accounts receivable. If
our major customers were to terminate their agreement with us, or if we fail to adequately perform under our agreement, and if we are
unable to diversify our customer base, our revenue could decline, and our results of operations could be adversely affected. The
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, include an explanatory paragraph in our independent registered
public accounting firm’s audit report stating that there are conditions that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. As
of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $76.7 million and negative working capital of $3.8 million. As of December 31,
2023, we had $0.6 million of short-term debt, $19.4 million of long-term debt and $1.1 million of unrestricted cash on hand. For the
year ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a net loss of $28.8 million and negative cash flows from operations of $15.7 million. Since
inception, the Company has met its cash needs through proceeds from issuing convertible notes, warrants and sales of its common stock. We
currently project that we will need additional capital to fund our current operations and capital investment requirements until we scale
to a revenue level that permits cash self-sufficiency. As a result, we expect we will need to raise additional capital to support our
operations until such time. This projection is based on the market size and growth, our current expectations regarding revenues, expenditures,
cash burn rate and other operating assumptions. The sources of this capital are anticipated to be from the sale of equity and/or debt
securities. We may also seek to sell assets which we regards as non-strategic. Any of the foregoing may not be achievable on favorable
terms, or at all. Additionally, any debt or equity transactions may cause significant dilution to existing stockholders. As
we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance that such financing or asset sales would be available to us on favorable
terms or at all. If
we are unable to raise additional capital moving forward, our ability to operate in the normal course and continue to invest in our product
portfolio may be materially and adversely impacted and we may be forced to scale back operations or divest some or all of our assets. 4 As
a result of the above, in connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard
Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about
an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,” management has determined that our liquidity condition raises substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through twelve months from the date these consolidated financial statements. These
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification
of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting
firm, UHY LLP (“UHY”), has included an explanatory paragraph in their audit report that accompanies our consolidated financial
statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, stating that there are conditions that raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. In
the past we have had a high annual customer attrition rate. The loss, termination, or renegotiation of any contract with our current
Clients could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions and operating results. Our
largest two Clients together represented approximately 15.2% and 8.0% of our total gross revenue in 2023 and 2022, respectively. F or
the three month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had one customer that accounted for 14.6% and 11.3% of total revenue, respectively.
For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had one customer that had 15.4% and 10.9% of total revenue, respectively. In the year ended December 31, 2023, we improved our attrition rate from approximately 33% in the comparable prior period to 10%.
We believe Clients left due to the poor integration of Maestro Health, or transitioned back to a fully funded program or were acquired
by other companies. Although we have initiated remedial actions to reduce attrition rates further, there is no assurance that we will
be able to reduce the attrition rates. If the high customer attrition rate continues, our future revenue growth will suffer and our operating
results will be negatively impacted, and we may encounter difficulty in recruiting new Clients due to erosion of customer confidence. We
are party to several disputes and lawsuits, and we may be subject to liabilities arising from these and similar disputes in the future. In
the normal course of the claims administration services business, we expect to be named from time to time as a defendant in lawsuits
by the insureds Members contesting decisions by us or our Clients with respect to the settlement of their healthcare claims. Our Clients
have brought claims for indemnification based on alleged actions on our part or on the part of our agents or employees in rendering services
to Members. Any future lawsuits against us could be disruptive to our business. The defense of the lawsuits will be time-consuming and
require attention of our senior management and financial resources, and the resolution of any such litigation may have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If
our TopCare® program fails to provide accurate and timely predictions, or if it is associated with wasteful visits to Providers or
unhelpful recommendations for Members, then this could lead to low customer satisfaction, which could adversely affect our results of
operations. When
our AI models make a prediction, we advise the Member to reach out to his or her primary care physician or make suggestions to the Member
on the best providers in the area via our TopCare® program since we do not provide medical prognosis. However, Members may not follow
our advice or accept our suggestions. We believe that not taking our recommendations will lead to higher claims costs to our Clients.
If claim costs remain the same or are not lower than those before we were hired, our Clients may be dissatisfied with our services, terminate
or refuse to renew contracts with us. In
addition, our AI models may not always work as planned, and the predictions could have false positives. These errors may lead to wasteful
visits to the Providers, Clients’ dissatisfaction and attrition, which may lead to loss of revenue. Our economic models assume
that the costs stemming from these false positives is a small fraction of the total savings that may be