”
section. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these publications and reports. i PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected
information contained in greater detail elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated herein by reference. This summary is not complete
and may not contain all of the information that may be important to you or that you should consider before buying shares of our Class
A common stock. You should read the entire prospectus as well as the documents filed with the SEC that are incorporated herein by reference
carefully. The following summary is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the more detailed information
appearing elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. In particular, you should read the sections titled
“Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
included elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and our audited consolidated financial statements
and the related notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus. In this prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise, references
to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Maison” or “the Company” refer to Maison Solutions
Inc. Company Overview We are a fast-growing, specialty
grocery retailer offering traditional Asian food and merchandise to modern U.S. consumers, in particular to the members of Asian-American
communities. We are committed to providing Asian fresh produce, meat, seafood, and other daily necessities in a manner that caters to
traditional Asian-American family values and cultural norms, while also accounting for the new and faster-paced lifestyle of younger generations
and the diverse communities in which we operate. To achieve this, we are developing a center-satellite stores network. Since our formation in July
2019, we have acquired equity interests in three traditional Asian supermarkets in Los Angeles, California and three traditional Asian
supermarkets in the greater Phoenix and Tucson, Arizona metro areas. We have been operating these six supermarkets as center stores, which
we define as a full service store, similar to a traditional supermarket or grocery store covering a metro area, but with its own storage
space to be used as a warehouse to distribute products to the satellite stores. The center stores target traditional Asian-American family-oriented
customers with a variety of meat, fresh produce and other merchandise, while additionally stocking items which appeal to the broader community.
Our management’s deep cultural understanding of our consumers’ unique consumption habits drives the operation of these traditional
supermarkets. In May 2021, we acquired
10% of the equity interests in Dai Cheong, a wholesale business which mainly supplies foods and groceries imported from Asia, which is
owned by John Xu, our CEO, Chairman and President. We intend to acquire the controlling ownership of Dai Cheong. By adding Dai Cheong
to our portfolio, we will take the first step toward creating a vertically integrated supply-retail structure. Having an importer
as a part of our portfolio will allow us the opportunity to offer a wider variety of products and to reap the benefits of preferred wholesale
pricing. In June 2023, we acquired
40% equity interest in HKGF Market of Arcadia, LLC (“HKGF Arcadia”), a supermarket in the city of Arcadia, California, to
further expand our footprint to new neighborhood. In December 2023, we acquired another 10% equity interest in HKGF Arcadia. In February
2024, the Company and JC Business Guys, Inc., the only other member of HKGF Arcadia (“JC Business Guys”), entered into a third
amendment to the operating agreement of HKGF Arcadia to decrease our percentage equity interest in HKGF Arcadia to 49% and increase JC
Business Guy’s percentage equity interest to 51%. We plan to close this location and, as a result, we recorded $848,493 in impairment charges for our investments in HKGF Arcadia for the
three months ended July 31, 2025. Through July 31, 2025, we have recorded an accumulated total investment loss for our investments in
HKGF Arcadia of $1,862,000. In December 2023, the Company
acquired 10% equity interest in TMA Liquor Inc, a liquor wholesale company. Our merchandise includes
fresh and unique produce, meats, seafood and other groceries that are not found in mainstream supermarkets, including a variety of Asian
vegetables and fruits such as Chinese broccoli, bitter melon, winter gourd, Shanghai baby bok choy, longan and lychee; a variety of live
seafood such as shrimp, clams, lobster, geoduck and Alaska king crab; and Chinese specialty groceries like soy sauce, sesame oil, oyster
sauce, bean sprouts, Sriracha, tofu, noodles and dried fish. With an in-house logistics team and strong relationships with local and regional
farms, we are capable of offering high-quality specialty perishables at competitive prices. 1 Our customers have diverse
shopping habits based on, among other factors, their age and lifestyle. Along with creating an exciting and attractive in-store shopping
experience, customers can choose to place orders on a third-party mobile app “Freshdeals24”, and an applet integrated into
WeChat for either home delivery or in-store pickups offering our customers the option of a 100% cashier-less shopping experience. Our
flexible shopping options are designed to provide customers with convenience and flexibility that best match their lifestyles and personal
preferences. We are working closely with JD.com to improve and update our online apps to continue to specifically target and attract a
wider variety of our customer base. While our main focus is on
targeting Asian-American communities and catering to both established Asian-American family values and the shifting needs of the younger
generations, we also plan to opportunistically address other demographics and populations. The success of our business
is supported by a strong core team that brings deep knowledge and experience in supermarket operations, supply chain, warehouse management
and logistics as well as e-commerce. The core team members all come from leading market players such as Freshippo (known as “Hema
Shengxian” in China), Yonghui Superstores, H-Mart and other similar industry leading supermarket retailers. We are exploring multi-channel solutions to customers
by leveraging our strategic partnership with JD.com, a leading online retail business in China. Recent Developments On June 11, 2025, we announced
the closure of Super HK of El Monte, our supermarket located in El Monte, California. The strategic decision to close the El Monte store
is part of our ongoing commitment to improve our profitability and support sustainable growth. We continue to analyze the costs related
to this closure; however, on a preliminary basis, we expect such costs to be immaterial. On September 8, 2025, our
subsidiaries, Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, LLC and AZLL LLC, closed a Business Loan Agreement with Royal Business Bank (the “Lee Lee
Loan Agreement”) which provided secured financing in the amount of $5,250,000. The loan is further documented by a Promissory Note
(the “RBB Note”). The RBB Note bears interest at a rate of 7.5% per year and requires monthly payments of principal and interest
in the amount of $91,039.77, with a final balloon payment in the amount of $1,139,916.57 due at maturity on September 5, 2030. The Note
is secured by substantially all assets of Lee Lee Oriental Supermart, LLC under the terms of a Commercial Security Agreement (the “Security
Agreement”) and is personally guaranteed by our CEO, John Xu, and his spouse, Grace Xu. In addition, Mr. Xu has pledged certain
real property as collateral security for his guaranty of the loan. The Company used the net proceeds from the Lee Lee Loan Agreement to
repay the remaining indebtedness outstanding under the original purchase money secured note issued in connection with our purchase of
Lee Lee Oriental Supermart. On September 11, 2025, we
executed an Overseas Distribution Agreement (the “Distribution Agreement”) with Guizhou Moutai Chiew Import and Export Co.,
Ltd. (“Moutai”). Under the Distribution Agreement, we have agreed to act as a non-exclusive overseas reseller of Moutai’s 53°
Flying Fairy Moutai Chiew liquor in the United States. We will distribute the product in our California-based HK Good Fortune
stores. The total base supply volume under the Distribution Agreement is thirty (30) tons, with specific pricing, quantities, and trade
terms to be as specified under separate sales orders. The initial term of the Distribution Agreement runs until December 31, 2025. On October 19, 2025, a majority of our stockholders approved a reverse
stock split of the Company’s Class A common stock at a ratio of not less than 1-for-2 and not more than 1-for-100, to be implemented
at a date no later than June 30, 2026, with the exact ratio, record date, and effective time and date of such reverse stock split(s) to
be as later determined by the board of directors of the Company in its sole discretion. On October 22, 2025, we issued a senior unsecured convertible promissory
note in the principal amount of $3,000,000 pursuant to a partial exercise of a previous note purchase warrant to purchase senior unsecured
convertible promissory notes of the Company up to an aggregate principal amount of $6,500,000 issued by the Company pursuant to that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 12, 2025. The unsecured note has a maturity date of October 22, 2027, bears interest at
a rate to 5.25% per annum and was issued for a purchase price of $2,745,000. The interest rate may increase to 18.00% per annum upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the note), for so long as such event remains uncured. Accrued interest will be paid on
a monthly basis and, at the