.” The clear trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the
environment, and thus, any changes in environmental laws and regulations or re-interpretation of enforcement policies that result in more stringent and costly waste handling, storage, transport, disposal or remediation requirements could have a
material adverse effect on our operations and financial position. We may be unable to pass on such increased compliance costs to our customers. Moreover, accidental releases or spills may occur in the course of our operations, and we cannot assure
you that we will not incur significant costs and liabilities as a result of such releases or spills, including any third party claims for damage to property, natural resources or persons. We maintain insurance against some, but not all, potential risks and losses associated with our industry and operations. We do not
currently carry business interruption insurance. For some risks, we may not obtain insurance if we believe the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not
fully insurable. If a significant accident or other event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance, it could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Office Lease Our
corporate headquarters are located in 20,869 square feet of office space in One Lincoln Centre, 5400 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1500, Dallas, Texas. Our current lease contemplates that we will increase our rentable square feet to 28,743 square feet in the
fall of 2011. We will receive a finish-out allowance from the landlord for the expanded space in an amount of $530,308. The office lease agreement for our current space and our expanded space expires June 30, 2022. Beginning July 1, 2011,
through June 30, 2012, we are not required to pay a monthly base rent. From July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2015, our monthly base rent is $47,905. From July 1, 2015 through June 30, 2017, our monthly base rent is $50,300.
From July 1, 2017 through June 30, 2019, our monthly base rent is $52,696. From July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, our monthly base rent is $55,091. From July 1, 2020 through the expiration date of the lease, our monthly
base rent is $57,726. In addition, the lease contains a renewal option in our favor for an additional 60-month period at the then existing market rate as determined in accordance with the lease. Employees At August 12,
2011, we had 38 full-time employees. We believe that our relationships with our employees are satisfactory. No employee is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. From time to time, we use the services of independent consultants and
contractors to perform various professional 120 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements services, particularly in the areas of geology and geophysics, construction, design, well site surveillance and supervision, permitting and environmental assessment and legal and income tax
preparation and accounting services. Independent contractors, at our request, drill all of our wells and usually perform field and on-site production operation services for us, including pumping, maintenance, dispatching, inspection and testing. If
significant opportunities for company growth arise and require additional management and professional expertise, we will seek to employ qualified individuals to fill positions where that expertise is necessary to develop those opportunities. Legal Proceedings Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business, we are not currently a party to any material legal proceeding. In
addition, we are not aware of any material legal or governmental proceedings against us, or contemplated to be brought against us. 121 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements MANAGEMENT Officers The following
table sets forth the names, ages and positions of our executive officers at June 30, 2011: Name Age Positions Held With Us Joseph Wm. Foran 59 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President David E. Lancaster 54 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer Matthew V. Hairford 50 Executive Vice President — Operations David F. Nicklin 62 Executive Director of Exploration Scott E. King 52 Co-Founder, Vice President — Geophysics and New Ventures Bradley M. Robinson 56 Vice President — Reservoir Engineering The following biographies describe the business experience of our executive officers. Each officer serves
at the discretion of our board of directors. There are no family relationships among any of our officers. Mr. Joseph
Wm. Foran . Mr. Foran founded Matador Resources Company in July 2003 and has served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Secretary since July 2003. Mr. Foran began his career as an oil and natural gas
independent in 1983 when he and his wife, Nancy, founded Foran Oil Company with $270,000 in contributed capital from 17 of his closest friends and neighbors. Foran Oil Company was later contributed into Matador Petroleum Corporation upon its
formation by Mr. Foran in 1988, and Mr. Foran served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of that company from inception until the time of its sale to Tom Brown, Inc. in June 2003 for an enterprise value of $388 million in an
all-cash transaction. Under Mr. Foran’s guidance, Matador Petroleum realized a 21% average annual rate of return for its shareholders for 15 years. Mr. Foran is originally from Amarillo, Texas, where his family owned a pipeline
construction business. From 1980 to 1983, he was Vice President and General Counsel of J. Cleo Thompson and James Cleo Thompson, Jr., Oil Producers. Prior to that time, he was a briefing attorney to Chief Justice Joe R. Greenhill of the Supreme
Court of Texas. Mr. Foran graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from the University of Kentucky with highest honors and a law degree from the Southern Methodist University School of Law, where he was a Hatton W. Sumners
scholar and the Leading Articles Editor of the Southwestern Law Review. He is currently active as a member of various industry and civic organizations, including his church and various youth activities. In 2002, Mr. Foran was honored as the
Ernst & Young “Entrepreneur of the Year” for the Southwest Region. As the founder and Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Matador Resources Company, Mr. Foran has provided leadership, experience
and long relationships with a vast majority of the shareholders. Mr. David E. Lancaster . Mr. Lancaster
joined Matador Resources Company in December 2003 and serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Lancaster has served in several capacities since joining Matador, including Vice President –
Business Development, Acquisitions and Finance from December 2003 to May 2005; Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from May 2005 to May 2007; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from May 2007 to May 2009. He assumed his
current role in May 2009. From August 2000 to December 2003, he was Marketing Manager for Schlumberger Limited’s Data & Consulting Services which provides full-field reservoir characterization, production enhancement, multidisciplinary
reservoir and production solutions and field development planning. In this position, he was responsible for global marketing strategies, business models, input to research and development, commercialization of new products and services and marketing
communications. From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Lancaster was Business Manager, North and South America, for Schlumberger Holditch-Reservoir Technologies, the petroleum engineering consulting organization formed following Schlumberger’s
acquisitions of S. A. Holditch & Associates, Inc. and Intera 122 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Petroleum Services. In this role, he was responsible for the business operations of 12 consulting offices throughout North and South America. Mr. Lancaster worked with Schlumberger for six
years following its acquisition of S. A. Holditch & Associates, Inc. in October 1997. He joined S. A. Holditch & Associates in 1980, and was one of the principals in that well-known petroleum engineering consulting firm.
Between 1980 and 1997, Mr. Lancaster held positions ranging from Senior Petroleum Engineer to Senior Vice President — Business Development. In this latter role, he was responsible for marketing and sales, as well as the company’s
commercial training business. During most of his tenure at S. A. Holditch & Associates, Inc., Mr. Lancaster was a consulting reservoir engineer with particular emphasis on characterizing and improving production from
unconventional natural gas reservoirs. For more than seven years during this time, he was the Project Manager for the Gas Research Institute’s Devonian Shales applied research projects investigating ways to improve reservoir characterization,
completion practices and natural gas recovery in low permeability, natural gas shale reservoirs. He was also the lead reservoir engineer for the Secondary Gas Recovery project sponsored by the Gas Research Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy
looking at ways to improve recovery from compartmentalized natural gas reservoirs in north and south Texas. Mr. Lancaster began his career as a reservoir engineer for Diamond Shamrock Corporation in 1979. Mr. Lancaster received Bachelor
and Master of Science degrees in Petroleum Engineering from Texas A&M University in 1979 and 1988, respectively. He has authored or co-authored more than 50 technical papers and articles, as well as numerous other published reports and industry
presentations. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers, and he serve