.”
Dollars in tabular format are presented in thousands, except per share data, or otherwise indicated. Overview We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company
focused on identifying and developing safe and effective broad spectrum therapeutics for the treatment of serious and life-threatening
infections. We are developing a balanced and broad pipeline of product and development candidates, with an initial focus on serious
fungal and bacterial infections. On January 29, 2015, we completed the acquisition of Aquarius Biotechnologies Inc., whose name
was subsequently changed to Matinas BioPharma Nanotechnologies, Inc. (referred to as the “2015 Merger” throughout this
document), a New Jersey-based, early-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development of differentiated and orally delivered
therapeutics based on a proprietary, lipid crystal drug delivery platform called “cochleate delivery technology.” Our proprietary cochleate delivery technology
platform, licensed from Rutgers University on an exclusive worldwide basis, is designed specifically for the targeted and safe
delivery of pharmaceuticals directly to the site of infection or inflammation. This innovative technology utilizes lipid-crystal
nano-particle cochleates to nano-encapsulate existing drugs, which is designed to make them safer, more tolerable, less toxic and
orally bioavailable. We believe this platform represents a significant innovation that may result in meaningful improvements to
currently available therapies to treat numerous life-threatening diseases, including serious fungal infections, NTM infections
and multi-drug resistant, or MDR, gram-negative bacterial infections. Currently, we are focused on the anti-infectives
market and on drug candidates which demonstrate the value and innovation associated with our unique delivery technology platform.
We believe initially focusing on the anti-infectives market has distinct advantages for the development of products which meet
significant unmet medical need, including: · a current regulatory environment which provides small development and clinical stage companies incentives and opportunities
to reduce development cost and timeline to market for anti-infective drug candidates; · traditional high correlation between efficacy and safety data in preclinical animal models and the outcome of human clinical
trials with these product candidates; · attractive commercial opportunities for a product differentiated in its safety profile, mode of action and oral bioavailability
positioned against current therapies with significant side effects, limited efficacy and intravenous delivery resulting in lack
of convenience, compliance and at a significant burden to the cost of healthcare; and · an ability to commercialize anti-infective products with a focused and cost-efficient sales and marketing organization. - 41 - We currently have two clinical-stage products
designed for the treatment of infectious disease. Our lead product candidate is MAT2203, a novel oral formulation of a broad spectrum
anti-fungal drug called amphotericin B which uses our cochleate delivery technology. We are initially developing MAT2203 for the
treatment of Candida infections as well as the prophylaxis, or prevention, of invasive fungal infections (IFIs) due to immunosuppressive
therapy. A Phase 1a study has been completed and demonstrated that MAT2203 was generally well tolerated at all dosage levels with
no serious adverse events reports and no laboratory or renal function abnormalities observed. We are currently screening and enrolling
patients in a Phase 2a study of MAT2203 in collaboration with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, or NIAID,
of the National Institutes of Health, or NIH. In the third quarter of 2016, the NIH commenced dosing patients in this Phase 2a
study and, assuming the NIH meets the anticipated clinical timelines, we anticipate announcing results of this study during the
first half of 2017. In addition to the Phase 2a trial being conducted by the NIH, we expect to commence an additional Phase 2 study
of MAT2203 in patients with vulvovaginal candidiasis in the fourth quarter of 2016, with results expected later in the first half
of 2017. Our second clinical stage product candidate
is MAT2501, an orally administered, encochleated formulation of the broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic amikacin which may
be used to treat different types of multidrug-resistant bacteria, including non-tubercular mycobacterial infections (NTM), as well
as various multidrug-resistant gram negative and intracellular bacterial infections. Currently, amikacin cannot be absorbed enterally
and must be given by intravenous, intramuscular or nebulization routes with the significant risk of nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity,
which makes it an impractical choice when treating serious infections which often require long courses of therapy, often 12 to
18 months or longer. MAT2501, taking advantage of its innovative, nano-encapsulation delivery technology, is being developed to
be orally administered, and is designed to be a safer and targeted therapy for improved treatment of these serious and life-threatening
bacterial infections in patients, including those who are severely immunocompromised. We are initially developing MAT2501 for the
treatment of non-tuberculous mycobacteria (NTM). NTM causes many serious and life-threatening diseases, including pulmonary disease,
skin and soft tissue disease, joint infections and, in immunocompromised individuals, disseminated infection. The most common clinical
manifestation of NTM disease is pulmonary, or lung, disease. NTM lung infection occurs when a person inhales the organism from
their environment. There are about 50,000 to 90,000 people with NTM pulmonary disease in the United States, with a much higher
prevalence in older adults, and these numbers appear to be increasing. However, NTM can affect any age group. Without treatment,
the progressive lung infection caused by NTM results in severe cough, fatigue and weight loss, and ultimately can lead to death.
In some people NTM infections can become chronic and require ongoing treatment. Treatment may be difficult because NTM bacteria
may be resistant to many common types of antibiotics. Severe NTM lung disease can have a significant impact on quality of life
and can be life-threatening. We are also developing MAT2501 for the treatment of a variety of serious and acute bacterial infections,
including the treatment of gram negative bacterial infections, currently the most significant unmet medical need identified by
infectious disease specialists. We recently filed an Investigational New Drug (IND) application with FDA and are cleared to commence
Phase 1 clinical studies in January 2016. We plan to initiate the first Phase 1 study of MAT2501 during the fourth quarter of 2016. We are currently exploring strategic partnering
options for our legacy cardiovascular drug, MAT9001, which has been developed and targeted to date for the treatment of very high
triglycerides and MAT8800, our discovery program seeking to identify product candidates derived from omega-3 fatty acids for the
treatment of nan-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We are a clinical stage company and have generated
$0 and $0.1 million in contract research revenues during the six months ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, respectively, and
$0.2 million and $0 in contract research revenues during the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.
These contract research revenues ended during 2015 and we do not anticipate any revenues during the remainder of 2016. We have
incurred losses for each period from inception. Our net loss was approximately $3.9 million and $5.0 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, respectively, and $9.1 million and $10.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
December 31, 2014, respectively. We expect to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future.
We expect our expenses to increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities to develop, seek regulatory approval
and commercialization of MAT2203 and MAT2501 and any other product candidates we choose to develop based upon our platform technology.
Accordingly, we will need additional financing to support our continuing operations. We will seek to fund our operations through
public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, which may include collaborations with third parties. Adequate additional
financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would impact
our going concern and would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy and
continue as a going concern. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability, and we may never do so. - 42 - Financial Operations Overview Revenue We generated Contract Research Revenue in the
amount of $0 and $0.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, versus $0.2 million and $0 for the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. This revenue is directly related to our acquisition of Matinas Nanotechnologies
and contracts which Matinas Nanotechnologies had with the National Institutes of Health (NIH). These contracts were related to
work being done on MAT2203 and MAT2501. These contracts ended in 2015 and we expect no additional revenue in 2016 unless we enter
into a new revenue arrangement. Our ability to generate product revenue from our lead clinical product candidates, if approved,
which we do not expect to occur before 2020, if ever, will depend significantly on the successful development and eventual commercialization
of MAT2203 and MAT2501. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist of
costs incurred for the deve