” in this prospectus and any related free writing prospectus. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on this information. For investors outside the United States: We and the underwriters have not done anything that would permit this offering or the possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for those purposes is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the securities and the distribution of this prospectus outside of the United States. In this prospectus, we frequently use the terms “we,” “our,” “us,” “MetaVia,” “Registrant,” and the “Company” to refer to MetaVia Inc. All trademarks or trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this prospectus are referred to without the ® and ™ symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend the use or display of other companies’ trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. ​ ​ ii Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights certain information about us, this offering, and selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary is not complete and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before making an investment decision. Before deciding to invest in our securities, you should read this entire prospectus, including the information in the sections titled “Risk Factors,” and “Where You Can Find More Information,” together with any free writing prospectus we have authorized for use in connection with this offering, and our interim condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2025 and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2024 included elsewhere in this prospectus. Company Overview We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused primarily on developing novel pharmaceuticals to treat cardiometabolic diseases. We have two programs focused primarily on the treatment of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis (“MASH”) and obesity. ● Vanoglipel (DA-1241) is a novel G-Protein-Coupled Receptor 119 (“GPR119”) agonist with development optionality as a standalone and/or combination therapy for both MASH and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (“T2DM”). Agonism of GPR119 in the gut promotes the release of key gut peptides, glucagon-like peptide 1 (“GLP-1”), glucagon-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide receptor, and peptide YY. These peptides play a further role in glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism and weight loss. Vanoglipel (DA-1241) has demonstrated beneficial effects on glucose, lipid profile and liver inflammation, as demonstrated during in-vivo preclinical studies. ● DA-1726 is a novel oxyntomodulin analog agonist functioning as a GLP-1 receptor (“GLP1R”) and glucagon receptor (“GCGR”) dual agonist for the treatment of obesity that is designed to be administered once weekly subcutaneously. With the activation of the dual agonist, weight loss may be achieved by GLP1R reducing appetite while GCGR increases energy expenditure. While we primarily focus our financial resources and management’s attention on the development of Vanoglipel (DA-1241) and DA-1726, we also have four legacy therapeutic programs designed to impact a range of indications in viral, neurodegenerative and cardiometabolic diseases on which we are not planning to advance development and have, or continue to consider for, out-licensing and divestiture opportunities. Our operations have consisted principally of performing research and development activities, which include preclinical developments and clinical trials, and raising capital. Our activities are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, such as failing to secure additional funding before sustainable revenues and profit from operations are achieved. Vanoglipel (DA-1241) We are currently finalizing the Clinical Study Report (“CSR”) on a Phase 2a clinical trial in the United States. MASH Phase 2a is a 16-week, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel arm clinical trial to establish safety and an early signal of efficacy in MASH as a next-generation competitive oral agent while we follow the trend for T2DM. In December 2024, we announced positive top-line 16-week results from the two-part Phase 2a clinical trial in patients with presumed MASH. Part 1 of this Phase 2a trial is exploring Vanoglipel (DA-1241), a novel GPR119 agonist compared to placebo, while Part 2 is investigating the efficacy of Vanoglipel ( DA-1241) in combination with sitagliptin, a DPP-4 inhibitor. We are currently working to schedule an end-of-Phase 2 meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). DA-1726 We are currently conducting a Phase 1 trial in the United States. The Phase 1 trial, a first-in-human trial, is a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, two-part study to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of single and multiple ascending doses of DA-1726 in obese, otherwise healthy subjects. 1 Table of Contents In September 2024, we announced positive top-line data from the single ascending dose Part 1 of our Phase 1 trial evaluating DA-1726. In April 2025, we announced positive top-line data from the multiple ascending dose (“MAD”) Part 2 study of our Phase 1 trial up to a 32 mg dose. In June 2025, we began enrollment for a higher-dose MAD cohort to assess the maximum tolerated dose and fully realize DA-1726’s potential, as higher doses may also show a similar profile, while potentially demonstrating increased weight reduction. We dosed the first patient in the 48 mg, MAD cohort of our Phase 1 clinical trial of DA-1726 in July 2025 and we extended the clinical trial for this 48 mg, MAD cohort to eight weeks from four weeks to further explore the non-titrated maximum tolerated dose, explore safety and other primary, secondary and exploratory endpoints over a longer treatment duration, and evaluate longer-term early efficacy. Also, in August 2025, we administered the fifth dose for the first patient in the 48 mg, MAD cohort of our Phase 1 clinical trial of DA-1726. On January 5, 2026, we announced positive topline data of Phase 1 MAD Part 2 non-titrated 48 mg Cohort 5 clinical trial of DA-1726. In November 2025, we presented new Phase 1 and pre-clinical data on DA-1726 in two poster presentations at ObesityWeek ® 2025. Recent Developments Nasdaq Listing On May 29, 2025, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq informing the Company that because the closing bid price for the Company’s common stock listed on Nasdaq was below $1.00 for 30 consecutive trading days, the Company was not in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Price Requirement”). On November 7, 2025, we submitted a request to Nasdaq for a 180-day extension to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, and on November 26, 2025, we received a letter from Nasdaq advising that the Company had been granted a 180-day extension to May 26, 2026 to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement, in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A). On December 19, 2025, we received a letter from Nasdaq (the “Notice”) notifying us that the Company had regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement as a result of the closing bid price of the Company’s common stock being at $1.00 per share or greater for the 10 consecutive business days from December 5, 2025 through December 18, 2025. Accordingly, the Notice indicated the Company is in compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement and the matter is closed. Positive Topline Data of Phase 1 MAD Part 2 Clinical Trial On January 5, 2026, we announced positive topline data of Phase 1 MAD Part 2 non-titrated 48 mg Cohort 5 clinical trial of DA-1726. Cohort 5 started with the same protocol as the previous MAD Part 2 trials but was extended to an additional four weeks, making Cohort 5 an eight-week trial. Cohort 5 had no treatment-related discontinuations with mild to moderate gastrointestinal adverse events. With a compelling adverse event profile, weight reduction showed a statistically significant 6.1% reduction compared to placebo at Day 26 and 9.1% at Day 54. Statistically significant waist circumference reduction was shown with 5.8 cm (2.3 inches) reduction at Day 26 and 9.8 cm (3.8 inches) reduction at Day 54 compared to placebo. Fasted glucose reduction of 12.3 mg/dL at Day 54 and vibration-controlled transient elastography (“VCTE”) reduction of liver stiffness by 23.7% at Day 54 showed the potential of DA-1726 for best-in-class among GLP-1 incretins combined with glucagon. We are planning to start Phase 1 Part 3a and Part 3b during the 1st quarter of 2026. Phase 1 Part 3a will be a one-step titration with 16 mg for four weeks and 48 mg for 12 weeks. Phase 1 Part 3b will be a two-step titration with 16 mg for four weeks, 32 mg for four weeks and 64 mg for eight weeks. These titration studies are to see if it can remove any moderate adverse effects from the 48 mg dose level and to seek DA-1726 at a higher dose level of 64 mg. We expect dose-dependent exploratory weight loss and other early signals in the exploratory endpoints with potential for best-in-class safety and tolerability. The data readout for both Part 3a and Part 3b is planned for the fourth quarter of 2026. For additional information, see