” section. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our business. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of information (including but not limited to, confidential information, employee data, customer information, personal data and intellectual property). We also have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and, as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may or could have access to our information. The size and complexity of our information security systems, and those of our 38 TABLE OF CONTENTS third-party vendors with whom we contract (and the large amounts of information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from malicious attacks by third parties. Cyberattacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. Cyberattacks also could include phishing attempts or e-mail fraud to cause unauthorized payments or information to be transmitted to an unintended recipient, or to permit unauthorized access to systems. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage and market manipulation) and expertise. While we have invested significantly in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Any cyberattack or security incident that leads to unauthorized access, acquisition, use or disclosure of personal or proprietary information could harm our reputation, cause us not to comply with U.S. federal and/or state, or non-U.S., data breach notification laws, or our contractual obligations, and otherwise subject us to liability under laws and regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information. In addition, we could be subject to regulatory actions and/or claims made by individuals and groups in private litigation related to data collection and use practices and other data privacy laws and regulations, including claims for misuse or inappropriate disclosure of data, as well as unfair or deceptive practices. Although we have cyber-insurance coverage that may cover certain events described above, this insurance is subject to deductibles and coverage limitations and we may not be able to maintain this insurance. Also, it is possible that claims could exceed the limits of our coverage. Any interruption or breach in our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of information, including confidential information, employee data, customer information, personal information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us or allow third parties to gain material, inside information that they use to trade in our securities. We are highly dependent on our senior management team and key personnel and our business could be harmed if we are unable to attract and retain personnel necessary for our success. We are highly dependent on our senior management team and key personnel. Our success will depend on our ability to retain senior management and to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future, including sales, marketing, scientific and technical professionals, and to integrate current and additional personnel in all departments. The loss of members of our senior management, sales, marketing, scientific and technical professionals could result in lower than expected sales and delays in product development. If we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, it would have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition for skilled personnel in our market is intense and may limit our ability to hire and retain highly qualified personnel on acceptable terms, or at all. To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have issued, and will in the future issue, equity awards that vest over time. The value to employees of equity awards that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, they may terminate their employment with us on short notice. Our employment arrangements with our employees provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. Many of the other cell engineering or therapeutic development companies that we compete against for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and a longer history in the industry than we do. They may also provide more diverse opportunities, better chances for career advancement and higher compensation. Some of these characteristics are more appealing to high-quality candidates than what we can offer. Further, if we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources and, potentially, damages. 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived benefits of our stock awards decline, either because we are a public company or for other reasons, it may harm our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. Many of our employees have become or will soon become vested in a substantial amount of their equity awards. Our employees may be more likely to leave us if the equity they own have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares, or if the exercise prices of the options that they hold are significantly below the market price of our common stock, particularly after the expiration of the lock-up agreements described herein. Our future success also depends on our ability to continue to attract and retain additional executive officers and other key employees as we expand our business and operations. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, it will negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have increased the size of our organization and expect to further increase it in the future, and we may experience difficulties in managing our growth. If we are unable to manage the anticipated growth of our business, our future revenue and operating results may be harmed. As of March 31, 2021, we had 65 full-time employees. As our sales and marketing strategies develop and as we transition into operating as a public company on a U.S. exchange, we expect to need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: • identifying, recruiting, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; ​ • managing our internal development efforts effectively, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and ​ • improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. ​ Since our inception, we have experienced growth and anticipate further growth in our business operations both inside and outside the United States. This future growth could strain our organizational, administrative and operational infrastructure, including quality control, operational, finance, customer service and sales organization management. We expect to continue to increase our headcount and to hire more specialized personnel in the future as we grow our business. We will need to continue to hire, train and manage additional qualified scientists, engineers, technical personnel and sales and marketing staff and improve and maintain our products to properly manage our growth. Rapid expansion in personnel could mean that less experienced people develop, market and sell our products, which could result in inefficiencies and unanticipated costs, reduced quality and disruptions to our operations. If our new hires perform poorly, if we are unsuccessful in hiring, training, managing and integrating these new employees or if we are not successful in retaining our employees, our business may be harmed. We may not be able to maintain the quality or expected turnaround times of our products or satisfy customer demand as it grows. Our ability to manage our growth properly will require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures. The time and resources required to implement these new systems and procedures is uncertain, and failure to complete this in a timely, efficient and effective manner could adversely affect our operations. Our officers, employees, independent contractors, consultants and commercial partners may engage in misconduct or activities that are improper under other laws and regulations, or make significant e