Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to
purchase shares of our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks is realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our
Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We depend on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from, one or more of our major customers could have a
material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. In the nine months ended September 30, 2009, Panasonic, Murata, MTC and Alps represented 24%, 14%, 13% and 11%, respectively, of our net revenue, and our ten largest customers collectively accounted
for 87% of our net revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2008, Panasonic, Murata, Alps and Sony accounted for 28%, 28%, 16%, and 12%, respectively, of our net revenue, and our ten largest customers collectively accounted for 96% of our
net revenue. Our operating results for the foreseeable future will continue to depend on sales to a relatively small number of customers and on the ability of these customers to sell products that incorporate our RF receivers or RF receiver SoCs. In
the future, these customers may decide not to purchase our products at all, may purchase fewer products than they did in the past, or may alter their purchasing patterns. Factors that could affect our revenue from these large customers include the
following: • substantially all of our sales to date have been made on a purchase order basis, which permits our customers to cancel, change or delay product
purchase commitments with little or no notice to us and without penalty; and • some of our customers have sought or are seeking relationships with current or potential competitors which may affect their purchasing decisions. Delays in development could
impair our relationships with our strategic customers and negatively impact sales of the products under development. Moreover, it is possible that our customers may develop their own product or adopt a competitor’s solution for products that
they currently buy from us. If that happens, our sales would decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our relationships with some customers may deter other potential customers who compete with these
customers from buying our products. To attract new customers or retain existing customers, we may offer these customers favorable prices on our products. In that event, our average selling prices and gross margins would decline. The loss of a key
customer, a reduction in sales to any key customer or our inability to attract new significant customers could seriously impact our revenue and materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We face intense competition and expect competition to
increase in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue, revenue growth rate, if any, and market share. The global semiconductor market in general, and the RF receiver market in particular, are highly competitive. We compete in different target
markets to various degrees on the basis of a number of principal competitive factors, including our products’ performance, features and functionality, energy efficiency, size, ease of system design, customer support, product roadmap,
reputation, reliability and price, as well as on the basis of our customer support, the quality of our product roadmap and our reputation. We expect competition to increase and intensify as more and larger semiconductor companies as well as the
internal resources of large, integrated 7 Table of Contents original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, enter our markets. Increased competition could result in price pressure, reduced profitability and loss of market share, any of which could materially
and adversely affect our business, revenue, revenue growth rates and operating results. As our products are integrated into a variety of stationary and mobile electronic devices, we compete with suppliers of both can tuners and traditional silicon RF receivers. Our competitors range from
large, international companies offering a wide range of semiconductor products to smaller companies specializing in narrow markets and internal engineering groups within mobile device, television and STB manufacturers, some of which may be our
customers. Our primary competitors include Analog Devices, Inc., Broadcom Corporation, Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., Microtune, Inc., NXP B.V. and Silicon Laboratories Inc. We may also compete with companies that offer solutions based on various
communications technologies, including Entropic Communications, Inc., Newport Media Inc. and Xceive Corporation. We expect competition in the markets in which we participate to increase in the future as existing competitors improve or expand their
product offerings. In addition, we believe that a number of other public and private companies are in the process of developing competing products for digital television and other broadband communication applications. Because our products often are
building block semiconductors which provide functions that in some cases can be integrated into more complex integrated circuits we also face competition from manufacturers of integrated circuits, some of which may be existing customers which
develop their own integrated circuit products. Our ability to compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside of our control, including industry and general economic trends. During past periods of downturns in our industry, competition in the markets in which we operate
intensified as manufacturers of semiconductors reduced prices in order to combat production overcapacity and high inventory levels. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources with which to withstand similar
adverse economic or market conditions in the future. Moreover, the competitive landscape is changing as a result of consolidation within our industry as some of our competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors, and other
competitors have begun to collaborate with each other. These developments may materially and adversely affect our current and future target markets and our ability to compete successfully in those markets. Our business, revenue and revenue growth, if any, will
depend in part on the timing and development of the global transition from analog to digital television, which is subject to numerous regulatory and business risks outside our control. For the nine months ended September 30, 2009, a substantial
majority of our revenue was attributable to demand for our products in the consumer market, consisting principally of sales of products ultimately incorporated in digital to analog converter boxes for sale to consumers in the European Union, or EU,
as well as in automotive navigation displays and digital televisions in Japan. For the year ended December 31, 2008, a significant portion of our revenue was attributable to demand for these products. We expect a significant portion of our revenue
in future periods to depend on the demand for digital to analog converter boxes, in Europe and for automotive digital TV, PCTV and digital televisions in Japan. In contrast to the United States, where the transition from analog to digital television
occurred on a national basis in June 2009, in Europe the digital transition is being phased in on a local and regional basis and is expected to occur over several years. Most countries in Western Europe are expected to convert completely to digital
television by 2012, with the transition in Eastern Europe expected to continue through 2015. Similarly, in Japan there is a government mandate to completely switch off analog TV transmissions by 2012. As a result, our future revenue will depend in
part on government mandates requiring conversion from analog to digital television and on the timing and implementation of those mandates. If the transition to digital TV standards did not take place or were substantially delayed in Europe or other
international markets, our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. 8 Table of Contents If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced products on a timely basis, our
ability to attract and retain customers could be impaired and our competitive position could be harmed. We operate in a dynamic environment characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry standards and technological obsolescence. To
compete successfully, we must design, develop, market and sell new or enhanced products that provide increasingly higher levels of performance and reliability and meet the cost expectations of our customers. The introduction of new products by our
competitors, the market acceptance of products based on new or alternative technologies, or the emergence of new industry standards could render our existing or future products obsolete. Our failure to anticipate or timely develop new or enhanced
products or technologies in response to technological shifts could result in decreased revenue and our competitors winning more competitive bid processes, known as “design wins.” In particular, we may experience difficulties with product
design, manufacturing, marketing or certification that could delay or prevent our development, introduction or marketing of new or enhanced products. If we fail to introduce new or enhanced products that