" beginning on page 25, prior to investing in our common stock. Some of the more significant risks include the
following: • Our banking, trust and wealth advisory operations are geographically concentrated in Colorado, Arizona, Wyoming and California, leading to
significant exposure to those markets. • Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real estate
values and liquidity could impair the value of collateral securing our real estate loans and result in loan and other losses. • The investment management contracts we have with our clients are terminable without cause and on relatively short notice by our clients, which
makes us vulnerable to short term declines in the performance of the securities under our management. • Our loan portfolio includes a significant number of commercial loans, which involve risks specific to commercial borrowers. • We may be subject to claims and litigation pertaining to our fiduciary responsibilities. • The market for investment managers and professionals is extremely competitive and the loss of a key investment manager to a competitor could
adversely affect our investment advisory and wealth management business. • If we are unable to continue to originate residential real estate loans and sell them into the secondary market for a profit, our earnings
could decrease. • The financial services industry is highly regulated, and legislative or regulatory actions taken now or in the future may have a significant
adverse effect on our operations. • There is currently no regular market for our common stock. An active, liquid market for our common stock may not develop or be sustained upon
completion of this offering, which may impair your ability to sell your shares. 12 Table of Contents • The market price of our common stock may be subject to substantial fluctuations, which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares at the
volume, prices and times desired. Corporate Information Our principal executive offices are located at 1900 16 th Street, Suite 1200, Denver, Colorado 80202, and our
telephone number at that address is (303) 531-8100. Our website address is www.myfw.com . We expect to make our periodic reports and other
information filed with, or furnished to, the SEC available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports and other information are electronically filed with,
or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus. 13 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Common stock offered by us shares of our common stock, no par value (or                shares if the underwriters exercise
their option in full to purchase                additional shares). Common stock offered by selling shareholders shares of our common stock, no par value. Common stock to be outstanding after this offering shares (or            shares if the underwriters exercise their option in full to purchase additional
shares). Underwriter's option to purchase additional shares We have granted the underwriters an option for a period of 30 days after the date of this prospectus to purchase up to an additional            shares of our common stock from
 us.