: Investing in these securities involves a high degree of risk. As an investor, you should be able to bear a complete loss of your investment. You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus before deciding to invest in our shares of common stock. Ticker Symbol: NCL 13 RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this prospectus and in the documents we incorporate by reference
herein, you should carefully consider the risks discussed below and under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 as well as any amendment or update to our risk factors reflected in subsequent
filings with the SEC, before making a decision about investing in our securities. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business,
financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be materially and adversely affected, which could cause the trading price
of our common stock to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. The risks described below and in the sections referenced
above are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect
our business. You should only consider investing in our shares of common stock if you can bear the risk of loss of your entire investment. Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure Northann Corp. is a holding company and will
rely on dividends paid by its subsidiaries for its cash needs. Any limitation on the ability of its subsidiaries to make dividend payments
to the Company, or any tax implications of making dividend payments to the Company, could limit the Company’s ability to pay its
expenses or pay dividends to holders of its common stock. Because Northann Corp. is a holding company, we conduct
substantially all of our business through our subsidiaries in the United States, Hong Kong and China. Northann Corp. may rely on dividends
to be paid by its subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash
distributions to our stockholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay its operating expenses. If any of the subsidiaries incurs
debt on its behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions
to the Company. There are no restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws that prevent the Company from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, prohibit the Company
from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: ● the Company would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or ● the total assets of the Company would be less than the sum of the total liabilities of the Company plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution, unless otherwise permitted under our Articles of Incorporation. According to the Limited Liability Company Act of Delaware, in general,
each of NBS, Benchwick LLC, and 3D PRINTING may make a distribution to its stockholders to the extent, after giving effect to the distribution,
all liabilities of such entity, other than liabilities to its stockholders on account of its stockholder’s membership interests
in such entity, do not exceed the fair value of the assets such entity. According to the California General Corporation
Law, Dotfloor and NDC may make a distribution to their stockholders if the retained earnings of each of Dotfloor and NDC equal at least
the amount of the proposed distribution. The California General Corporation Law also provides that, in the event that sufficient
retained earnings are not available for the proposed distribution, a corporation may nevertheless make a distribution to its stockholders
if it meets two conditions, which generally stated are as follows: (i) the corporation’s assets equal at least 1 and 1/4 times its
liabilities, and (ii) the corporation’s current assets equal at least its current liabilities or, if the average of the corporation’s
earnings before taxes on income and before interest expenses for the two preceding fiscal years were less than the average of the corporation’s
interest expenses for such fiscal years, then the corporation’s current assets must equal at least 1 and 1/4 times its current liabilities. Benchwick, Cedar Modern Limited, and Raleigh Industries
Limited, our Hong Kong subsidiaries, are permitted, under the laws of Hong Kong, to provide funding to the Company through dividend distribution
out of its profits.  Under the current practices of the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect
of dividends paid to the Company as a Nevada corporation. According to the PRC Company Law and the Foreign Investment
Law, each of Crazy Industry, Marco, Ringold and NCP, as a foreign invested enterprise, or FIE, is required to draw 10% of its after-tax
profits each year, if any, to fund a common reserve, which may stop drawing its after-tax profits if the aggregate balance of the common
reserve has already accounted for over 50% of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends. Furthermore,
under the EIT Law, which became effective in January 2008, the maximum tax rate for the withholding tax imposed on dividend payments from
PRC foreign invested companies to their overseas investors that are not regarded as a “resident” for tax purposes is 20%.
The rate was reduced to 10% under the Implementing Regulations for the EIT Law issued by the State Council. However, a lower withholding
tax rate might be applied if there is a tax treaty between China and the jurisdiction of a foreign holding company. Mainland China and
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region entered into a tax arrangement to avoid double taxation and prevent fiscal evasion with respect
to income tax. The tax arrangement applies where a Hong Kong resident enterprise which is considered a non-PRC tax resident enterprise,
directly holds at least 25% of equity interests in a PRC enterprise. In that case the withholding tax rate in respect to the payment of dividends by
such PRC enterprise to such Hong Kong resident enterprise is reduced to 5% from a standard rate of 10%, subject to approval
of the PRC local tax authority. Accordingly, our only Hong Kong subsidiary that has subsidiaries, is able to enjoy the 5% withholding
tax rate for the dividends it receives from its PRC subsidiaries (Crazy Industry, Ringold and Marco if Benchwick) satisfies
the conditions prescribed in relevant tax rules and regulations and obtains the required approvals. However, if Benchwick is considered
a non-beneficial owner for purposes of the tax arrangement, any dividends paid to it by its PRC subsidiaries directly would not qualify
for the preferential dividend withholding tax rate of 5%, but rather would be subject to a rate of 10%. 14 In addition, in response to the persistent capital
outflow and the Renminbi’s depreciation against the U.S. dollar in the fourth quarter of 2016, the People’s Bank of China
(“PBOC”) and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, have implemented a series of capital control measures,
including stricter vetting procedures for China-based companies to remit foreign currency for overseas acquisitions, dividend payments
and shareholder loan repayments. The PRC government may continue to strengthen its capital controls and our PRC subsidiaries’ dividends
and other distributions may be subjected to tighter scrutiny in the future. Risks Related to Doing Business in China Changes in China’s
political, economic or social conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Most of our products
are manufactured through NCP in China and as a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be
influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally. The Chinese government plays a significant
role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The Chinese government also exercises significant control over
China’s economic growth by allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting monetary
policy, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. While the Chinese economy
has experienced significant growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the
economy. Any adverse changes of economic conditions in China, in the policies of the Chinese government, or in the laws and regulations
in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China. Such developments could adversely affect our business
and operating results, reduce production and weaken our competitive position. The Chinese government has implemented various measures
to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures may benefit the overall Chinese economy, but
may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by government
control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. In addition, in the past the Chinese government has implemented certain
measures, including interest rate adjustments, to control the pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activities
in China, which may adversely affect our business and operating results. Uncertainties in
the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations and changes in policies, rules, and regulations in China, which may