related to our business The specific risk factors set forth below, as well as the other information contained in this prospectus, could cause our actual results to
differ from our expected or historical results and individually or any combination thereof could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. The adverse impact of the worldwide economic downturn and related factors such as high levels of unemployment and underemployment, fuel price increases,
declines in the securities and real estate markets, and perceptions of these conditions that decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual
economic climate, such as higher fuel prices, higher interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher taxes, and changes in governmental policies could reduce the level of discretionary
income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. For example, the worldwide economic downturn has had an adverse effect on consumer confidence and discretionary income resulting in decreased demand and price
discounting. We cannot predict the duration or magnitude of this downturn or the timing or strength of economic recovery. If the downturn continues for an extended period of time or worsens, we could experience a prolonged period of decreased demand
and price discounting. In addition, the economic downturn has and may continue to adversely impact our suppliers, which can result in disruptions in service and financial losses. An increase in cruise capacity. Historically, cruise capacity has grown to meet the growth in demand. According to CLIA, cruise capacity, in terms of Berths, has increased
from 2000 through 2012 at a compound annual growth rate of 6.2%. CLIA estimates that between 2013 and 2016, the North America based CLIA member line fleet will increase by approximately 29 ships, representing a compound annual capacity growth of
3.4%. In order to profitably utilize this new capacity, the cruise industry will likely need to improve its percentage share of the U.S. population who has cruised at least once, which is approximately 24%, according to CLIA. If there is an
industry-wide increase in capacity without a corresponding increase in public demand, we, as well as the entire cruise industry, could experience reduced occupancy rates and/or be forced to discount our prices. In addition, increased cruise capacity
could impact our ability to retain and attract qualified shipboard employees, including officers, at competitive levels and, therefore, increase our shipboard employee costs. We face intense competition from other cruise companies as well as non-cruise vacation alternatives and we may not be able to compete effectively. We face intense competition from other cruise companies, primarily the other Major North American Cruise Brands, which together comprise
approximately 90% of the North American cruise market as measured by total Berths. These brands include Carnival Cruise Lines and Royal Caribbean International in the contemporary 20 Table of Contents segment and Holland America, Princess Cruises and Celebrity Cruises in the premium segment. As of September 30, 2013, Norwegian Cruise Line accounted for approximately 13% of the Major North
American Cruise Brands’ capacity in terms of Berths. We compete against all of these operators principally on the quality of our ships, our differentiated product offering, selection of our itineraries and value proposition of our cruises. We
also face competition for many itineraries from other cruise operators as well as competition from non-cruise vacation alternatives. In the event we do not compete effectively, our business could be adversely affected. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes
in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt service payments. We are highly leveraged with a high level of variable
rate debt, and our level of indebtedness could limit cash flow available for our operations and could adversely affect our financial condition, operations, prospects and flexibility. As of September 30, 2013, we had approximately $3.1 billion
of total debt. See “Capitalization.” Our substantial indebtedness could: • limit our ability to borrow money for our working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, debt service requirements, strategic initiatives or other purposes; • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing
conditions, could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the repayment of our indebtedness thereby reducing funds available to us for other purposes; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our operations or business; • make us more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; • make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business or the economy; • restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities; • restrict us from taking certain actions by means of restrictive covenants; • make our credit card processors seek more restrictive terms in respect of our credit card arrangements; and • expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain of our borrowings are at a variable rate of interest. Based on our September 30, 2013 outstanding variable rate debt balance, a one percentage point increase in the LIBOR interest rates would
increase our annual interest expense by approximately $18.9 million, excluding the effects of capitalization of interest. In addition, future financings we may undertake may also provide for rates that fluctuate with prevailing interest rates. Increases in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs. Fuel expense accounted for 19.2% of our total cruise operating expense in 2012, 16.6% in 2011 and 15.4% in 2010. Future increases in the cost
of fuel globally would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. In addition, we could experience increases in other cruise operating costs, due to market forces and economic or political instability beyond our control. 21 Table of Contents Conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks. We operate our business internationally and plan to continue to develop our international presence. Operating internationally exposes us to a
number of risks, including political risks, risks of increase in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as changes in laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of
foreign-based companies. Because some of our expenses are incurred in foreign currencies, we are exposed to exchange rate risks. Additional risks include interest rate movements, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of
earnings. We have implemented safeguards and policies to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper
payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than
effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. If employees violate our policies or we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our
transactions, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions, or severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties. The agreements governing our
indebtedness contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business. The agreements governing our indebtedness
contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours would likely contain, a number of covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other
things: • incur additional debt or issue certain preference shares; • pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability of NCLC to make distributions or other restricted payments to NCLH; • make certain investments; • sell certain assets; • create liens on certain assets; • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; • enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; and • designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. As a result of these covenants, we
are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. We have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral under our existing debt agreements. If any of the holders of our indebtedness accelerate
the repayment of such indebtedness, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our indebtedness. Under our
existing debt agreements we are required to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios. Our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will meet those ratios. A
failure to comply with the covenants contained in our existing debt agreements could result in an event of default under the agreem