.” 95 Proposed
                                         Purchases of Stock
        in the Offering Total Common
        Stock to
        be Held Name
    of Beneficial Owner Number
    of Shares Received in Exchange for Shares of NorthEast Community Bancorp (1) Number of Shares Dollar Amount Number of Shares (1) Percentage of Total Outstanding (2) Directors: Diane
    B. Cavanaugh 500 $ 5,000 Charles
    M. Cirillo 3,500 35,000 Jose
    M. Collazo 3,000 30,000 Eugene
    M. Magier (3) 2,000 20,000 Charles
    A. Martinek 100 1,000 Kenneth
    A. Martinek (4) 20,000 200,000 John
    F. McKenzie (5) 7,000 70,000 Kevin
    P. O’Malley 10,000 100,000 Kenneth
    H. Thomas 10,000 100,000 Executive
    Officers Who are Not Also Directors: Donald
    S. Hom 3,000 30,000 * Less
                                         than 1.0%. (1) Based
                                         on information presented in “ Stock Ownership. ” (2) If
                                         shares are sold and the exchange ratio is calculated at the minimum of the offering range,
                                         all directors and executive officers as a group would beneficially own [•]% of the
                                         outstanding shares of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. common stock. (3) Includes
                                         1,000 shares to be purchased by Mr. Magier and 1,000 shares to be purchased by Mr. Magier’s
                                         spouse. (4) Includes
                                         15,000 shares to be purchased by Mr. Martinek and 5,000 shares to be purchased by Mr.
                                         Martinek’s spouse, who is also an employee of NorthEast Community Bank. (5) Includes
                                         5,000 shares to be purchased by Mr. McKenzie and 2,000 shares to be purchased by Mr.
                                         McKenzie’s spouse. 96 REGULATION
AND SUPERVISION General NorthEast
Community Bank is a New York-chartered savings bank. NorthEast Community Bank’s deposits are insured up to applicable limits
by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. NorthEast Community Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the New York State
Department of Financial Services, as its chartering agency, and by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as its primary federal
regulator. NorthEast Community Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation and the New York State Department of Financial Services concerning its activities and financial condition, and must
obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions
of other financial institutions. NorthEast Community Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. The
regulation and supervision of NorthEast Community Bank establish a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution
can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and borrowers and, for purposes of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, the protection of the insurance fund. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion
in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the
classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. NorthEast
Community Bank has previously elected to be deemed a “savings association” under the Home Owners’ Loan Act,
as amended. As a result, following the conversion, NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. will be a savings and loan holding company
and will be required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board applicable to savings and loan holding
companies. It will be required to file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and will be subject to examination by and
the enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve Board. NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. will also be subject to the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Any
change in applicable laws or regulations, whether by the New York State Department of Financial Services, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, the State of New York or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the
operations and financial performance of NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. and NorthEast Community Bank. In addition, NorthEast
Community Bancorp, Inc. and NorthEast Community Bank will be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies
of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve Board. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and
in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of
such changes on the business or financial condition of the NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. and NorthEast Community Bank. Set
forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are or will be applicable to NorthEast Community Bank
and NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed,
and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on NorthEast Community Bank
and NorthEast Community Bancorp, Inc. COVID-19 Interagency
Statement on Loan Modifications. On March 22, 2020, the federal banking agencies issued an interagency statement to provide
additional guidance to financial institutions who are working with borrowers affected by the coronavirus (“COVID-19”).
The statement provided that agencies will not criticize institutions for working with borrowers and will not direct supervised
institutions to automatically categorize all COVID-19 related loan modifications as troubled debt restructurings (“TDRs”).
The agencies have confirmed with staff of the Financial Accounting Standards Board that short-term modifications made on a good
faith basis in response to COVID-19 to borrowers who were current prior to any relief, are not TDRs. This includes short-term
(e.g., six months) modifications such as payment deferrals, fee waivers, extensions of repayment terms, or other delays in payment
that are insignificant. Borrowers considered current are those that are less than 30 days past due on their contractual payments
at the time a modification program is implemented. 97 The
statement further provided that working with borrowers that are current on existing loans, either individually or as part of a
program for creditworthy borrowers who are experiencing short-term financial or operational problems as a result of COVID-19,
generally would not be considered TDRs. For modification programs designed to provide temporary relief for current borrowers affected
by COVID-19, financial institutions may presume that borrowers that are current on payments are not experiencing financial difficulties
at the time of the modification for purposes of determining TDR status, and thus no further TDR analysis is required for each
loan modification in the program. The
statement indicated that the agencies’ examiners will exercise judgment in reviewing loan modifications, including TDRs,
and will not automatically adversely risk rate credits that are affected by COVID-19, including those considered TDRs. In
addition, the statement noted that efforts to work with borrowers of one- to-four family residential mortgages, where the loans
are prudently underwritten, and not past due or carried on non-accrual status, will not result in the loans being considered restructured
or modified for the purposes of their risk-based capital rules. With regard to loans not otherwise reportable as past due, financial
institutions are not expected to designate loans with deferrals granted due to COVID-19 as past due because of the deferral. The
Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act. The CARES Act, which became law on March 27, 2020, provided over $2
trillion to combat COVID-19 and stimulate the economy. The law had several provisions relevant to financial institutions, including: • Allowing
                                         institutions not to characterize loan modifications relating to the COVID-19 pandemic
                                         as a troubled debt restructuring and also allowing them to suspend the corresponding
                                         impairment determination for accounting purposes. • An
                                         option to delay the implementation of the accounting standard for current expected credit
                                         losses (CECL) until the earlier of December 31, 2020 or when the President declares that
                                         the coronavirus emergency is terminated. • The
                                         ability of a borrower of a federally backed mortgage loan (VA, FHA, USDA, Freddie and
                                         Fannie) experiencing financial hardship due, directly or indirectly, to the COVID-19
                                         pandemic to request forbearance from paying their mortgage by submitting a request to
                                         the borrower’s servicer affirming their financial hardship during the COVID-19
                                         emergency. Such a forbearance will be granted for up to 180 days, which can be extended
                                         for an additional 180-day period upon the request of the borrower. During that time,
                                         no fees, penalties or interest beyond the amounts scheduled or calculated as if the borrower
                            