The
    acquisition of our common stock involves substantial risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8 of this prospectus. OTCQB
    Symbol NEPH 7 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following information about these
risks, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, before you decide whether to buy our securities. The
occurrence of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Risks
Related to Our Company We
have a history of operating losses and a significant accumulated deficit, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in
the future. As
of March 31, 2019, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $125,502,000 as a result of historical
operating losses. While we believe that the revenues following the launch of our new products will help us achieve profitability,
there can be no guarantee of this. We may continue to incur additional losses in the future depending on the timing and marketplace
acceptance of our products and as a result of operating expenses being higher than our gross margin from product sales. We began
sales of our first product in March 2004, and we may never realize sufficient revenues from the sale of our products or be profitable.
Each of the following factors, among others, may influence the timing and extent of our profitability, if any: ● the
    market acceptance of our technologies and products in each of our target markets; ● our
    ability to effectively and efficiently manufacture, market and distribute our products; ● our
    ability to sell our products at competitive prices which exceed our per unit costs; and ● our
    ability to continue to develop products and maintain a competitive advantage in our industry. In
the event that revenue does not grow sufficiently, and we are not able to reduce expenses sufficiently, there could be substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As
of the date of this prospectus, we expect that our existing cash balances and projected increases in product sales will allow
us to fund our current operating plan through at least the next twelve months. In addition, should sales not achieve planned levels,
management has plans in place to reduce personnel and other discretionary expenditures to maintain sufficient cash balances to
fund our operating plan. If
sales do not achieve planned levels, however, and if we are not able to reduce expenditures sufficiently, there could be doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. We believe our plans are sufficient to alleviate such doubt. If
we violate any provisions of the FDC Act or any other statutes or regulations, then we could be subject to enforcement actions
by the FDA or other governmental agencies. We
face a significant compliance burden under the FDC Act and other applicable statutes and regulations which govern the testing,
labeling, storage, record keeping, distribution, sale, marketing, advertising and promotion of our medically approved products.
If we violate the FDC Act or other regulatory requirements (either with respect to our ultrafilters or otherwise) at any time
during or after the product development and/or approval process, we could be subject to enforcement actions by the FDA or other
agencies, including: ● fines; ● injunctions; ● civil
    penalties; ● recalls
    or seizures of products; ● total
    or partial suspension of the production of our products; ● withdrawal
    of any existing approvals or pre-market clearances of our products; ● refusal
    to approve or clear new applications or notices relating to our products; ● recommendations
    that we not be allowed to enter into government contracts; and ● criminal
    prosecution. 8 Any
of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our
recent acquisition of Biocon/Aether may not produce the desired outcomes and expected value. We
purchased Biocon/Aether to increase our revenues and to provide an entry to new markets, with particular focus on hospitality,
food service, and convenience stores. However, any acquisition carries risks, including: ● Issues
    of concern that were missed during due diligence activities; ● Sales
    to existing Biocon/Aether customers may not increase as planned; ● Our
    target markets may be more difficult to grow than anticipated; ● Difficulties
    could emerge while integrating the two companies and their work forces; and ● Key
    employees could leave. As
such, we cannot guarantee any specific results from our Biocon/Aether acquisition; and if the anticipated outcomes do not occur,
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially impacted. We
cannot assure you that our products will be safe or that there will not be product-related deaths, serious injuries or product
malfunctions. Further, we are required under applicable law to report any circumstances relating to our medically approved products
that could result in deaths or serious injuries. These circumstances could trigger recalls, class action lawsuits and other events
that could cause us to incur expenses and may also limit our ability to generate revenues from such products. We
cannot assure you that our products will prove to be safe or that there will not be product-related deaths or serious injuries
or product malfunctions, which could trigger recalls, class action lawsuits and other events that could cause us to incur significant
expenses, limit our ability to market our products and generate revenues from such products or cause us reputational harm. Under
the FDC Act, we are required to submit medical device reports (“MDRs”) to the FDA to report device-related deaths,
serious injuries and malfunctions of medically approved products that could result in death or serious injury if they were to
recur. Depending on their significance, MDRs could trigger events that could cause us to incur expenses and may also limit our
ability to generate revenues from such products. Additionally, any of the following could occur: ● information
    contained in the MDRs could trigger FDA regulatory actions such as inspections, recalls and patient/physician notifications; ● because
    the reports are publicly available, MDRs could become the basis for private lawsuits, including class actions; and ● if
    we fail to submit a required MDR to the FDA, the FDA could take enforcement action against us. If
any of these events occur, then we could incur significant expenses and it could become more difficult for us to market and sell
our products and to generate revenues from sales. Other countries may impose analogous reporting requirements that could cause
us to incur expenses and may also limit our ability to generate revenues from sales of our products. Product
liability associated with the production, marketing and sale of our products, and/or the expense of defending against claims of
product liability, could materially deplete our assets and generate negative publicity which could impair our reputation. The
production, marketing and sale of kidney dialysis and water-filtration products have inherent risks of liability in the event
of product failure or claim of harm caused by product operation. Voluntary recalls could subject us to claims or proceedings by
consumers, the FDA or other regulatory authorities which may adversely impact our sales and revenues. Furthermore, even meritless
claims of product liability may be costly to defend against. Although we have acquired product liability insurance for our products,
we may not be able to maintain or obtain this insurance on acceptable terms or at all. Because we may not be able to obtain insurance
that provides us with adequate protection against all potential product liability claims, a successful claim in excess of our
insurance coverage could materially deplete our assets. Moreover, even if we are able to obtain adequate insurance, any claim
against us could generate negative publicity, which could impair our reputation and adversely affect the demand for our products,
our ability to generate sales and our profitability. 9 Some
of the agreements that we may enter into with manufacturers of our products and components of our products may require us ● to
    obtain product liability insurance; or ● to
    indemnify manufacturers against liabilities resulting from the sale of our products. For
example, the agreement with our contract manufacturer (“CM”) requires that we obtain and maintain certain minimum
product liability insurance coverage and that we indemnify our CM against certain liabilities arising out of our products that
they manufacture, provided they do not arise out of our CM’s breach of the agreement, negligence or willful misconduct.
If we are not able to obtain and maintain adequate product liability insurance, then we could be in breach of these agreements,
which could materially adversely affect our ability to produce our products and generate revenues. Even if we are able to obtain
and maintain product liability insurance, if a successful claim in excess of our insurance coverage is made, then we may have
to indemnify some or all of our manufacturers for their losses, which could materially deplete our assets. We
face significant challenges in obtaining market acceptance of our products, which could adversely affect our potential sales and
revenues. We
do not yet have an established market or customer base for our products. Acceptance of our products in the marketplace by both
potential users, including chronic renal failure patients, and potential purchasers, including nephrologists, dialysis clinics
and other health care providers, is uncertain, and our failure to achieve sufficient market acceptance will significantly limit
our ability to generate revenue