See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 3 and the other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. NASDAQ Global Market symbol “NERV” The number of shares of our common stock outstanding is based on 24,721,143 shares of our common stock outstanding as
of March 31, 2015 and excludes the following: • 2,081,558 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of March 31, 2015, with a weighted-average exercise price of $6.63 per share; • 2,199,775 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our Amended and Restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as well as any automatic increases in the number of shares of our common stock reserved for future
issuance under the plan; • 40,790 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants held by our lenders, Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank, and any additional shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of
additional warrants issuable to Oxford Finance LLC or Silicon Valley Bank pursuant to the terms of our credit facility; and • 6,281,661 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants held by the selling stockholders at an exercise price of $5.772 per share. Unless otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise of outstanding options or warrants after March 31, 2015. 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks and uncertainties as well as the risks and
uncertainties described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on March 26, 2015,
which description is incorporated in this prospectus by reference in its entirety, as well as in any prospectus supplement hereto. These risks and uncertainties are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us, or that we currently view as immaterial, may also impair our business. If any of the risks or uncertainties described in our SEC filings or any additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to this Offering Sales of shares
issued in this offering may cause the market price of our shares to decline. On March 18, 2015, we issued and sold 6,281,661 shares of our
common stock and warrants to purchase an additional 6,281,661 in connection with a private placement. We have agreed to register for resale with the SEC such shares of common stock and shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants.
The registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part has been filed to satisfy this obligation. Upon the effectiveness of the registration statement, an aggregate of 12,563,322 shares of common stock issued and issuable upon exercise of
warrants may be freely sold in the open market. The sale of a significant amount of these shares of common stock in the open market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or become
highly volatile. We may have to pay liquidated damages to the selling stockholders, which would increase our expenses and reduce our cash
resources. In connection with the private placement, we entered into a registration rights agreement. Under the terms of the registration rights
agreement, subject to certain limited exceptions, if the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part has not been declared effective within the time periods specified in the registration rights agreement or we otherwise fail to
comply with certain provisions set forth in the registration rights agreement, we will be required to pay the investors, as liquidated damages, 1.0% of the amount invested for each 30-day period (or a pro rata portion thereof) during which such
failure continues until the shares are sold or can be sold without restriction under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. There can be no assurance that the registration statement of which this
prospectus forms a part will be declared effective by the SEC or will remain effective for the time periods necessary to avoid payment of liquidated damages. Any payment of liquidated damages would increase our expenses, reduce our cash resources
and may limit or preclude us from advancing our product candidates through clinical trials or otherwise growing our business. 3 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING