” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview Cloudflare’s mission is to help build a better
Internet. We have built a global cloud platform that delivers a broad range of network services to businesses of all sizes and in all geographies—making them
more secure, enhancing the performance of their business-critical applications, and eliminating the cost and complexity of managing individual network hardware. Our platform serves as a scalable, easy-to-use, unified control plane to deliver security, performance, and reliability across their on-premise, hybrid, cloud, and software-as-a-service (SaaS) applications. We started by building an efficient,
scalable network. This network forms the basis of our platform on which we can rapidly develop and deploy our products for our customers. Together the development of our network and products create the interconnected flywheels that drive our
business and have allowed us to achieve our market position. 76 Table of Contents Since our inception, our focus on innovation and dedication to customer experience has allowed us to achieve numerous
key milestones. Over time as we have launched new products on our platform, our Annualized Billings have grown significantly. For additional information on how we calculate Annualized Billings see “—Our Business Model.” Key Milestones Annualized Billings $250M $200M $150M $100M $50M $0 TechCrunch Disrupt's Most Innovative Company 2010 Launch page
views Wan Optimization could WAF First Free SSL Project Galileo Strategic Investments from Google Microsoft, Baidu, and Qualcomm Enter China Virtual DNS Load Balancing Rate Limiting 100th Data Center Serverless Platform Video Services App Platform
Smart Routing loT Security IBM Partnership Spectrum Consumer DNS Access 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 Firewall Network Spans to 100th City Intelligent Routing Zero Trust Security DNS Resolver Multi-Protocol Network Performance and
Security Opportunities, Challenges, and Risks We
believe that the growth of our business and our future success are dependent upon many factors, including growing our customer base, expanding our relationships with existing paid customers, developing and successfully launching new products,
expanding into additional market segments, expanding our base of free customers, and developing and maintaining favorable peering and co-location relationships. Each of these factors presents significant
opportunities for us, but also poses material challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to grow our business and improve our operating results. We expect that addressing these challenges and risks will increase our operating
expenses significantly over the next several years. The timing of our future profitability, if we achieve profitability at all, will depend upon many variables, including the success of our growth strategies and the timing and size of investments
and expenditures that we choose to undertake, as well as market growth and other factors that are not within our control. In addition, we must comply with evolving laws, rules, and regulatory requirements across federal, state, and international
jurisdictions. If 77 Table of Contents we fail to successfully address these challenges, risks, and variables, our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects may be adversely affected. Refer to the sections titled
“Risk Factors” and “Business—Growth Strategy” for additional information on the challenges and risks we face. Our
Business Model Our business model benefits from our ability to serve the needs of all customers ranging from individual developers on free and self-serve plans
to the largest enterprises, in a cost-effective manner. Our products are easy to deploy and allow for rapid and efficient onboarding of new customers and expansion of our relationships with customers over time. Given the large customer base we have
and the immense amount of Internet traffic that we manage, we are able to negotiate mutually beneficial agreements with Internet Service Providers (ISPs) that allow us to place our equipment directly in their data centers, which dramatically drives
down our bandwidth and co-location expenses. This symbiotic relationship that we have with ISPs and the efficiency of our serverless network architecture allows us to introduce new products on our platform at
low marginal cost. The cost efficiency of our model has allowed us to grow revenue significantly faster than our cost of revenue. Between the three months ended March 31, 2016 and the three months ended June 30, 2019, our revenue increased
by 247% with only a 146% increase in cost of revenue. Quarterly Revenue and Cost of Revenue $80M $60M $40M $20M $0 Q1 2016 Q4 2016 Q4 2017 Q4 2018 Q2 2019 Revenue Cost of Revenue Revenue
Growth: 247% Cost of Revenue Growth: 146% We generate revenue primarily from sales to our customers of subscriptions to access our platform. For our
self-serve paying customers, we offer Pro and Business plans per registered domain, and it is common for customers to purchase subscriptions to cover multiple Internet properties (e.g., domains, websites, application programming interfaces (APIs),
and mobile applications). Our Pro plan provides basic functionality to improve the security, performance, and reliability of applications, such as enhanced web application firewall and image and mobile optimization. Our Business plan includes
additional functionality often required by larger organizations, including service level agreements of 100% uptime, dynamic content acceleration, and enhanced customer support. While our Pro and Business plans offer significant value to customers,
customers can subscribe to add-on products and platform functionality we offer to meet their more advanced needs. This includes Cloudflare Argo, which enables intelligent routing using our private network, and
Cloudflare Workers, which allows 78 Table of Contents developers to deploy code at the edge of our network to enhance existing, or create new, applications more efficiently and rapidly. Our pricing model reflects the flexibility and value that our customers have come to expect from our platform. Our self-serve customers typically pay with a credit card
on a monthly basis. Our enterprise customers, which consist of customers that sign up for our Enterprise plan, have contracts that range from one to three years and are typically billed on a monthly basis. Our implementation period is extremely
short with most self-serve customers implementing our services within a matter of minutes and our enterprise sales cycle typically lasting less than one quarter. Our agreements with enterprise customers are tailored and priced to meet their varying
needs and requirements. Enterprise pricing agreements generally include a base subscription and a smaller portion based on usage. We have had an increasing number of customers with Annualized Billings greater than $100,000 and we have customers with
Annualized Billings in excess of $3 million. We offer a variety of plans to our free and paying customers depending on their required features and
functionality. The below chart is an illustrative view of what we provide our customers as part of the different plans, but is not a full comprehensive list of our product offerings. FREE PRO BUSINESS ENTERPRISE Multiple custom SSL certificate SSL Shared SSL certificates Shared SSL certificates Custom SSL
Certificates uploads Enterprise-grade DDoS DDoS Unmetered DDoS Unmetered DDoS Unmetered DDoS protection Content Delivery DNSSEC AMP Firewall Rules 5 20 100 Unlimited Page Rules 5 20 50 100 Network Prioritization Good Better Best Cloud Firewall Image
and Mobile Optimization Image Resizing Dynamic Content Acceleration CNAME Setup Role Based Account Access Single Sign On Support Access to Raw Logs Access to China Data Centers (Additional Cost) SLA 100% uptime SLA 2500% uptime SLA 24x7x365 phone
support w/ Support Email only Prioritized email only 24x7x365 chat support named solution engineer 79 Table of Contents We are uniquely positioned due to our distinct advantages to grow with our customers as they add new Internet
properties or expand the usage of our global cloud platform within their organizations. We have grown our Annualized Billings with our paying customer base over time as the needs of those organizations grow and expand as well. To measure Annualized
Billings, we take the billings for each customer in the final month of a period and multiply that amount by 12. This measure provides us a view of what our billings would be had the customer been using our platform for an entire calendar year. Our
Annualized Billings calculation excludes (i) our strategic agreement with Baidu and (ii) other agreements that were not entered into through our ordinary sales channels and that together represent an insignificant amount of our 2018
revenue. We include both month-to-month subscriptions and contractual agreements in the calculation of Annualized Billings. Our Annualized Billings metric also includes any usage charges by a customer during a period, which represent a small portion
of our total billings and may not be recurring. As a result, Annualized Billings may be higher than actual billings over the course of the year. For example, if we signed a new customer that was billed for $200 in December, that customer would
account for $2,400 of Annualized Billings for that year. The below chart illustrates the growth in Annualized Billings for cohorts of customers that first became paying customers in each of the years from 2011 to 2018, and demonstrates how we
attract new paying customers and expand their Annualized Billings with us over time. Customer Cohorts Annualized Billings $250M $200M $150M $100M $50M $0 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 and prior 2012 2013 2014
2015 2016 2017 Our business model has allowed us to grow our paying customers and revenue rapidly over the past sever