Investing in our Class A shares involves risks. You should carefully consider the following risk factors together with all of the other information included in this prospectus in evaluating an investment in our Class A shares. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial could also materially affect our business. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our Class A shares could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We have not yet completed construction and commissioning of all of our Terminals and Liquefaction Facilitie s . There can be no assurance that our Terminals and Liquefaction Facilities will operate as described in this prospectus, or at all. While our marine LNG storage and regasification terminal approximately three nautical miles from the Old Harbour Power Plant (the “Old Harbour Terminal” and, together with the Montego Bay Terminal, the “Jamaica Terminals”) is substantially complete, it must still undergo extensive testing and commissioning before operations can commence. There can be no assurance that we will not need to make adjustments to these facilities as a result of such testing or commissioning, which could cause delays and be costly. With respect to our Pennsylvania Facilities, though we are in the advanced stages of design, development and permitting of our first Pennsylvania Facility, we have not reached a final investment decision regarding such facility. As such, we have not entered into binding construction contracts or obtained all necessary environmental, regulatory, construction and zoning permissions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into the contracts required for the development of these assets on commercially favorable terms, if at all, or that we will be able to obtain all of the environmental, regulatory, construction and zoning permissions we need. In particular, we will require agreements with ports proximate to our Liquefaction Facilities capable of handling the transload of LNG direct from our transportation assets to our occupying vessel. If we are unable to enter into favorable contracts or to obtain the necessary regulatory and land use approvals on favorable terms, we may not be able to construct and operate these assets as described in this prospectus, or at all. Finally, the construction of facilities is inherently subject to the risks of cost overruns and delays. Furthermore, if we do enter into the necessary contracts and obtain regulatory approvals for the construction and operation of the Liquefaction Facilities, there can be no assurance that such operations will allow us to successfully export LNG to our facilities, or that we will succeed in our goal of reducing the risk to our operations of future LNG price variations. If we are unable to construct, commission and operate all of our Terminals and Liquefaction Facilities as described in this prospectus, or, when and if constructed, they do not accomplish the goals described in this prospectus, or if we experience delays or cost overruns in construction, our business, operating results, cash flows and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. Expenses related to our pursuit of contracts and regulatory approvals related to our Terminals and Liquefaction Facilities still under development may be significant and will be incurred by us regardless of whether these assets are ultimately constructed and operational. Our ability to implement our business strategy may be materially and adversely affected by many known and unknown factors. Our business strategy relies upon our future ability to successfully market natural gas to end-users, develop and maintain cost-effective logistics in our supply chain and construct, develop and operate energy-related infrastructure in the U.S., Jamaica, Mexico, Ireland and other countries where we do not currently operate. Our strategy assumes that we will be able to expand our operations into other countries, including countries in the Caribbean, enter into long-term GSAs and/or PPAs with end-users, acquire and transport LNG at attractive prices, develop infrastructure, including the Old Harbour Terminal, the Pennsylvania Facilities and the CHP Plant, as well as other future projects, into efficient and profitable operations in a timely and cost-effective way, obtain approvals from all relevant federal, state and local authorities, as needed, for the construction and operation of these projects and other relevant approvals, and obtain long - term capital appreciation and liquidity with respect to such investments. Our strategy may also be affected by future governmental laws and regulations. Our strategy also assumes that we will be able to enter into strategic relationships with energy end-users, power utilities, LNG providers, shipping companies, infrastructure developers, financing counterparties and other partners. These assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive, regulatory and operational 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS uncertainties, contingencies and risks, many of which are beyond our control. Additionally, in furtherance of our business strategy, we may acquire operating businesses or other assets in the future. Any such acquisitions would be subject to significant risks and contingencies, including the risk of integration and we may not be able to realize the benefits of any such acquisitions. Our future ability to execute our business strategy is uncertain, and it can be expected that one or more of our assumptions will prove to be incorrect and that we will face unanticipated events and circumstances that may adversely affect our proposed business. Any one or more of the following factors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our proposed strategy and achieve our targets: • failure to develop cost-effective logistics solutions; • failure to manage expanding operations in the projected time frame; • inability to structure innovative and profitable energy-related transactions as part of our sales and trading operations and to optimally price and manage position, performance and counter-party risks; • inability to develop infrastructure, including our Terminals and Liquefaction Facilities, as well as other future projects, in a timely and cost-effective manner; • inability to attract and retain personnel in a timely and cost-effective manner; • failure of investments in technology and machinery, such as liquefaction technology or LNG tank truck technology, to perform as expected; • increases in competition which could increase our costs and undermine our profits; • inability to source LNG in sufficient quantities and/or at economically attractive prices; • failure to anticipate and adapt to new trends in the energy sector in the U.S., Jamaica, the Caribbean, Mexico, Ireland and elsewhere; • increases in operating costs, including the need for capital improvements, insurance premiums, general taxes, real estate taxes and utilities, affecting our profit margins; • inability to raise significant additional debt and equity capital in the future to implement our strategy as well as to operate and expand our business; • general economic, political and business conditions in the U.S., Jamaica, the Caribbean, Mexico, Ireland and in the other geographic areas in which we intend to operate; • inflation, depreciation of the currencies of the countries in which we operate and fluctuations in interest rates; • failure to obtain approvals from the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection and relevant local authorities for the construction and operation of the Pennsylvania Facilities and other relevant approvals; • failure to win new bids or contracts, including our proposal to PREPA; • failure to obtain approvals from governmental regulators and relevant local authorities for the construction and operation of potential future projects and other relevant approvals; • existing and future governmental laws and regulations; or • inability, or failure, of any customer or contract counterparty to perform their contractual obligations to us (for further discussion of counterparty risk, see “—Risks Related to Our Business—Our current ability to generate cash is substantially dependent upon the performance by customers under long-term contracts that we have entered into, and we could be materially and adversely affected if any customer fails to perform its contractual obligations for any reason, including nonpayment and nonperformance.”). If we experience any of these failures, such failure may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to execute our business strategy. 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS We have a limited operating history, and an investment in our Class A shares is highly speculative. We have a limited operating history and track record. As a result, our prior operating history and historical financial statements may not be a reliable basis for evaluating our business prospects or the future value of our Class A shares. We commenced operations on February 25, 2014, and we had net losses of approximately $1.6 million in 2014, $14.2 million in 2015, $32.9 million in 2016 and $31.7 million in 2017. Our strategy may not be successful, and if unsuccessful, we may be unable to modify it in a timely and successful manner. We cannot give you any assurance that we will be able to implement our strategy on a timely basis, if at all, or achieve our internal model or that our assumptions will be accurate. Accordingly, your investment in our Class A shares is speculative and subject to a high degree of risk. Prior to investing in our Class A shares, you should understand that there is a possibility of the loss of your entire investment. Our limited history also means that