: You should carefully read and consider the risks
      discussed in “Risk Factors” before you decide to invest in our
      securities. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves risks. Before making an
investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described below and
in our filings with the SEC, including the risks discussed in the section
entitled “Risk Factors” incorporated by reference herein from our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, as updated by annual,
quarterly and other reports and documents we file with the SEC after the date of
this prospectus. If any of these risks actually occur, they may materially harm
our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In this
event, the market price of our securities could decline and you could lose all
or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business
operations. Risks Related to This Offering The shares of Common Stock will generally be available
for resale to the public upon registration under the Securities Act. Upon such registration, these securities will become available
for immediate resale. Sales of substantial amounts of our securities in the
public market or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely
affect the market price of our Common Stock, and the market value of our
securities. Risks Related to our Company We are a recently organized company and have limited
operations in our business. We were incorporated on March 14, 2013 and to date have been
involved primarily in organization activities and development activities. We
have secured limited engineering contracts and have assembled limited real or
intangible property rights. Accordingly, we have no way to evaluate the
likelihood that our business will be successful. We have earned very limited
revenues as of the date of this prospectus. Potential investors should be aware
of the difficulties normally encountered by a new and developing company and the
high rate of failure for such enterprises. The likelihood of success must be
considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and
delays encountered in connection with the operations that we plan to undertake.
These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems
relating to the market acceptance of our services and new products and
additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates. We are
currently providing limited engineering services to clients, and have developed
only a few new products that we are currently producing and selling. We are
realizing limited amounts of revenues at the time of this prospectus. We
recognize that if the effectiveness of our business plan is not forthcoming we
will not be able to continue business operations. There is a limited operating
history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will be
successful and there is significant doubt that we will generate enough operating
revenues that will achieve profitability. If we are unsuccessful in overcoming
these risks, our business will most likely fail. We have incurred net losses since our inception. 6 We have not been profitable since our inception. Since our
inception on March 14, 2013 through the end of second quarter, June 30, 2014, we
had a net loss of ($300,864). Since our inception, we have generated limited
revenues from operations. There is a substantial risk that we may never generate
enough revenues for our company becoming profitable, and we might have to
discontinue operations, in which you could lose your entire investment. We may not be able to continue as a going concern if we
do not execute our business plan or obtain additional financing in the future if
necessary. Our independent accountant’s audit report included on our
latest 10K filed with the SEC states that there is substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. We have incurred only losses since our
inception raising substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. Therefore, our ability to continue as a going concern is highly
dependent upon us executing our business plan in the planned amount of time
allotted or obtaining additional financing for our planned operations if
necessary. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any
additional funds, or if we are able to raise additional funds that such funds
will be in the amounts required or on terms favorable to us. Currently, our plan
for raising additional funds is through additional sales of common stock which
will have a dilutive effect on current shareholders as discussed in RISKS
RELATED TO OUR CAPITAL STOCK. Our competition is intense in all phases of our
business. Energy production to power remote flow computers has been
historically dominated by conventional methods for generating power via solar
panels and lead-acid batteries. We are developing new technologies that do not
currently exist, and we believe that this new technology should give us a
competitive edge due to the simplicity of the design and implementation,
reduction in equipment costs for natural gas producers, as well as creating a
cleaner, more reliable alternative power source for computerized flow computers
in remote gas fields. Our competitors in these niche sectors are more
experienced, have vastly greater financial and management resources, and have
more established relations with customers than we do. These and other
competitors are likely to have distribution channels for their products that we
do not have, which places us at a significant disadvantage. Failure of the
Company to achieve market acceptance could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial conditions and the results of our operations. Our directors have other business interests. They may not
be able or willing to devote a sufficient amount of time to our business
operations and therefore may cause our business to fail. Some of our directors are employed by or own and operate other
businesses. As a result, our operations may occur at times which may not be
convenient to Mr. Moore or Mr. Marioneaux. Mr. Moore currently is the CEO of
Fleaux Services; Mr. Marioneaux is the Assistant District Attorney for Caddo
Parish Louisiana. While our directors presently possess adequate time to attend
to our interests, it is possible that the demands on them from other obligations
could increase, with the result that they would no longer be able to devote
sufficient time to the management of our business. The limited ability of our
directors to devote time and effort to our operations may have a negative effect
on us and our ability to implement our plan of operations currently and in the
future. This could negatively impact the development of our business. We could lose or fail to attract the personnel necessary
to run our business . Our success depends, to a large extent, on our ability to
attract and retain key management and personnel. James Ketner, our President and
Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. LaNell Armour, our Secretary and Treasurer,
will be devoting all of their efforts to the success of Galenfeha. As we develop
additional capabilities and expand the scope of our business, we will require
more skilled personnel. Recruiting experienced personnel for the engineering,
and natural gas industry is highly competitive. We may not be able to attract
and retain qualified executive, managerial and technical personnel needed for
our business. Our failure to attract or retain qualified personnel could delay
or result in our inability to complete our business plan. We could have unanticipated requirements for and there is
an uncertainty of access to additional capital. Although we believe we have sufficient capital for the next 12
months, and this capital is sufficient for us to execute our business model,
there could be unforeseen expenses that would make it necessary to raise
additional capital. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain
additional financing, and our failure to obtain such additional financing could
result in the delay or indefinite postponement of further operations which would
have a material adverse effect on our business. Currently, our only plan for
raising additional funds is by our directors and officers as additional equity
purchases or loans to the company, as well as additional private placements to
known individuals with whom we have long term relationships, either of which
might not be successful. We have limited cash flow from operations and have
depended on equity financing for our current operations. 7 Our current operations have been financed through sales of our
company’s securities. Although we believe we have sufficient capital available
to execute our business plans over the course of the next 12 months, there is no
guarantee that we will not incur unanticipated costs related to the execution of
our business model, and we may be involved with additional sales of our common
stock through private placements to raise additional capital, which in turn
would have a dilutive effect on our shareholders. We lack an operating history . We were incorporated on March 14, 2013 and we have realized
very limited revenues. We have very little operating history upon which an
evaluation of our future success or failure can be made. Our ability to achieve
and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability
to market our engineering services, develop our products, attract customers, and
generate revenues through our sales; there can be no guarantee that we will be
successful in the execution of our business model. We have incurred losses since inception and cannot
guarantee profitability in the near future. Based upon current plans, we expect to become profitable in the
near future, but because we ha