Limited partner units are inherently different from capital stock of a corporation, although many of the
business risks to which we are subject are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in similar businesses. We urge you to consider carefully the following risk factors together
with all of the other information included in this prospectus in evaluating an investment in our common units. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, we
might be unable to pay the minimum quarterly distribution on our common units, the trading price of our common units could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in
us. Risks Related to Our Business We may not have sufficient cash to enable us to pay the minimum quarterly distribution to our unitholders following the establishment of cash reserves by our general partner
and the payment of costs and expenses, including reimbursement of expenses to our general partner. We may not have sufficient cash each quarter to enable us to pay the minimum quarterly distribution. The amount of cash we can
distribute on our common and subordinated units principally depends on the amount of cash we generate from our operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other
things: • weather conditions in our operating areas; • the cost of propane that we buy for resale and whether we are able to pass along cost increases to our customers; • the volume of propane throughput in our terminals; • disruptions in the availability of propane supply; • the level of competition from other propane companies and other energy providers; and • prevailing economic conditions. In
addition, the actual amount of cash we will have available for distribution also depends on other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: • the level of capital expenditures we make; • the cost of acquisitions, if any; • restrictions contained in our revolving credit facility and other debt service requirements; • fluctuations in working capital needs; • our ability to borrow funds and access capital markets; • the amount, if any, of cash reserves established by our general partner; and • other business risks discussed in this prospectus that potentially affect our cash levels. Because
of all these factors, we may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to be able to pay the minimum quarterly distribution. For
a description of additional restrictions and factors that may affect our ability to make cash distributions, please read "Our Cash Distribution Policy and Restrictions On
Distributions." 16 Table of Contents The amount of cash we have available for distribution to our unitholders depends primarily on our cash flow rather than on our profitability, which may prevent us from
making distributions, even during periods in which we realize net income. The amount of cash we have available for distribution depends primarily on our cash flow and not solely on profitability, which will
be affected by non-cash items. As a result, we may make cash distributions during periods when we record net losses for financial accounting purposes and may not make cash distributions
during periods when we record net income for financial accounting purposes. On a pro forma basis we would not have had sufficient cash available for distribution to pay the full minimum quarterly distribution on all subordinated units for the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2010 or the twelve months ended September 30, 2010. The amount of pro forma cash available for distribution generated during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 and the twelve
months ended September 30, 2010 would have been sufficient to allow us to pay the full minimum quarterly distribution on all of our common units, but only approximately         % and
         %, respectively, of the full minimum quarterly distribution on our subordinated units during those periods. For a calculation of our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders
based on our pro forma results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 and the twelve months ended September 30, 2010, please read "Our Cash Distribution Policy and Restrictions on
Distributions." The assumptions that we make in the computation of our forecast of cash available for distribution included in "Our Cash Distribution Policy and Restrictions on
Distributions" are inherently uncertain and are subject to significant business, economic, financial, regulatory and competitive risks and uncertainties, including weather conditions, that could cause
actual results to differ materially from our forecasted results. The forecast of cash available for distribution in "Our Cash Distribution Policy and Restrictions on Distributions" includes our
forecasted results of operations, Adjusted EBITDA and cash available for distribution for the twelve months ending June 30, 2012. We prepared the financial forecast, and we have not received an
opinion or report on such forecast from our or any other independent auditor. The assumptions underlying the forecast are inherently uncertain and are subject to significant business, economic,
financial, regulatory and competitive risks and uncertainties, including weather conditions, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those forecasted. If we do not achieve the
forecasted results, we may be unable to pay the full minimum quarterly distribution or any amount on our common units or subordinated units, in which event the market price of our common units may
decline materially. Current conditions in the global capital and credit markets, and general economic pressures, may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. Our business and operating results are materially affected by worldwide economic conditions. Current conditions in the global capital
and credit markets and general economic pressures have led to declining consumer and business confidence, increased market volatility and widespread reduction of business activity generally. As a
result of this turmoil, coupled with increasing energy prices, our customers may experience cash flow shortages which may lead to delayed or cancelled plans to purchase our products, and affect the
ability of our customers to pay for our products. In addition, disruptions in the U.S. residential mortgage market, increases in mortgage foreclosure rates and failures of lending institutions may
adversely affect retail customer demand for our products (in particular, products used for home heating and home comfort equipment) and our business and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents Our retail propane operations are concentrated in the Midwest and Southeast, and localized warmer weather and/or economic downturns may adversely affect demand for propane
in those regions, thereby affecting our financial condition and results of operations. A substantial portion of our retail propane sales are to residential customers located in the Midwest and Southeast who rely heavily
on propane for heating purposes. On a combined pro forma basis for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, approximately 79% of our retail propane volume was attributable to sales during the peak
heating season of October through March. Warmer weather may result in reduced sales volumes that could adversely impact our operating results and financial condition. In addition, adverse economic
conditions in areas where our retail propane operations are concentrated may cause our residential customers to reduce their use of propane regardless of weather conditions. Localized warmer weather
and/or economic downturns may have a significantly greater impact on our operating results and financial condition than if our retail propane business were less concentrated. Widely fluctuating propane prices could adversely affect our ability to finance our working capital needs. The price for propane is subject to wide fluctuations and depends on numerous factors beyond our control. If propane prices were to
increase substantially, our working capital needs would increase to the extent that we are required to maintain propane inventory that has not been pre-sold and our ability to finance our
working capital could be adversely affected. If propane prices were to decline significantly for a prolonged period, the decreased value of our propane inventory could potentially result in a
reduction of the borrowing base under our working capital credit facility and we could be required to liquidate propane inventory that we have already pre-sold. We have certain agreements with ConocoPhillips related to the operation and maintenance of two of our propane terminals, our propane supply, the lease of a propane storage
facility in Borger, Texas and the ability to access the Blue Line pipeline of ConocoPhillips. The termination of, or significant modification to, these agreements could have a negative impact on our
financial condition and results of operations. In connection with the purchase by NGL Supply of the propane terminals of ConocoPhillips in November 2002, we executed several
agreements, including the following: • an operating and maintenance agreement for the propane terminals and common facilities located in Missouri and Illinois; • a propane supply agreement under which we are able to purchase, exchange and deliver specified gallons of propane per week
and access the ConocoPhillips Blue Line pipeline to ship propane from Borger, Texas and the Conway, Kansas storage hubs to our propane terminal locations in Missouri and Illinois, including full
dedicated capacity of such pipeline during the period of September 15 through March 15; and • a propane storage lease agreement under which we have leased storage space of approximately 36 million gallons in
Borger, Texas. The
operating and maintenance agreement and the pro