applicable to the owners
and operators of such mines or projects. Mineral
exploration, development and production generally involves a high degree of risk. Such operations are subject to all of the hazards and
risks normally encountered in the exploration, development and production of metals, including weather related events, unusual and unexpected
geology formations, seismic activity, environmental hazards and the discharge of toxic chemicals, explosions and other conditions involved
in the drilling, blasting and removal of material, any of which could result in damage to, or destruction of, mines and other producing
facilities, damage to property, injury or loss of life, environmental damage, work stoppages, delays in exploration, development and
production, increased production costs and possible legal liability. Any of these hazards and risks and other acts of God could shut
down such activities temporarily or permanently. Mineral exploration, development and production is subject to hazards such as equipment
failure or failure of retaining dams around tailings disposal areas, which may result in environmental pollution and consequent liability
for the owners or operators thereof. The exploration for, and development, mining, and processing of mineral deposits involves significant
risks that even a combination of careful evaluation, experience and knowledge may not eliminate. We
may fund future acquisitions or other material transactions with equity or debt financing which could increase our debt service,
further leverage our assets and/or result in dilution to existing shareholders. In
the ordinary course of business, we engage in a continual review of opportunities to acquire royalties, streams, or similar interests,
to establish new royalties, streams or similar interests on operating mines, to create new royalties, streams or similar interests through
financing mine development or exploration, or to acquire companies that hold royalty interests. We currently, and generally at any time,
have acquisition opportunities in various stages of active review, including, for example, our engagement of consultants and advisors
to analyze particular opportunities, analysis of technical, financial, legal and other confidential information, submission of indications
of interest and term sheets, participation in preliminary discussions and negotiations and involvement as a bidder in competitive processes.
We may consider obtaining debt commitments for acquisition financing. In the event that we choose to raise debt capital to finance any
acquisition, our leverage may be increased. We may also issue common shares to fund acquisitions. Issuances of common shares could dilute
existing shareholders and may reduce some or all of our per share financial measures. Any
such acquisition could be material to us. All transactions include risks associated with our ability to negotiate acceptable terms with
counterparties. In addition, any such acquisition or other transaction may have other transaction-specific risks associated with it,
including risks related to the completion of the transaction, the project, its operators, or the jurisdictions in which the project is
located, and other risks discussed in this Registration Statement on Form S-1. There can be no assurance that any acquisitions completed
will ultimately benefit us. 13 The
volatility in gold and other commodity prices may have an adverse impact on the value of our royalty interests. The
value of our royalty interests and the potential future development of the projects underlying our interests are directly related to
the market price of gold and other commodity prices. Market prices may fluctuate widely and are affected by numerous factors beyond our
control or that of any mining company, including metal supply, industrial and jewelry fabrication, investment demand, central banking
economic policy, expectations with respect to the rate of inflation, the relative strength of the dollar and other currencies, interest
rates, gold purchases, sales and loans by central banks, forward sales by metal producers, global or regional political, trade, economic
or banking conditions, and a number of other factors. Volatility
in gold prices is demonstrated by its annual high and low prices over the past decade as reported by the London Bullion Market Association: Gold ($/ounce) Calendar Year High Low 2012 - 2013 $ 1,792 $ 1,192 2014 - 2015 $ 1,385 $ 1,049 2016 - 2017 $ 1,366 $ 1,077 2018 - 2019 $ 1,355 $ 1,178 2019 - 2020 $ 1,536 $ 1,287 2020 - 2021 $ 2,067 $ 1,472 2021 - 2022 $ 2,039 $ 1,629 2022 - 2023 $ 2,078 $ 1,809 2023 - 2024 $ 2,669 $ 1,915 Declines
in market prices could cause an operator to cease or slow down exploration and development activities, reduce, suspend, or terminate
production from an operating project or construction work at a development project which would negatively impact our ability to obtain
revenues from our interests in the future. A price decline may result in a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. Our
future growth is, to a large extent, dependent on our acquisition strategy and our ability to identify and negotiate the
purchase of additional assets. As
part of our business strategy, we will seek to purchase or otherwise acquire gold and other precious metal royalties, streams or similar
interests from third party natural resource companies and others. In pursuit of such opportunities, we may fail to select appropriate
acquisition targets or negotiate acceptable arrangements, including arrangements to finance acquisitions. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to identify and complete any acquisition, transaction, or business arrangement that we pursue on favorable terms or at
all, or that any acquisition, transaction or business arrangement completed will ultimately benefit us. If
we are unable to continually identify and acquire additional assets on terms that are favorable to us, our business, results of operations
and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Our
operating results and ability to generate revenue could be adversely impacted if we experience challenges with our existing assets, including
our royalty interests. Problems
concerning the existence, validity, enforceability, terms or geographic extent of our royalty interests could adversely affect our business
and revenues, and our interests may similarly be materially and adversely impacted by change of control, bankruptcy or the insolvency
of operators. Defects
in or disputes relating to the royalty interests we hold or acquire may prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits from these
interests and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Material
changes could also occur that may adversely affect management’s estimate of the carrying value of our royalty interests and could
result in impairment charges. While we seek to confirm the existence, validity, enforceability, terms and geographic extent of the royalty
interests we acquire, there can be no assurance that disputes or other problems concerning these and other matters or other problems
will not arise. Confirming these matters is complex and is subject to the application of the laws of each jurisdiction to the particular
circumstances of each parcel of mining property and to the agreement reflecting the royalty interest. Similarly, in many jurisdictions,
royalty interests are contractual in nature, rather than interests in land, and therefore may be subject to risks resulting from change
of control, bankruptcy or insolvency of operators, and our royalty interests could be materially restricted or set aside through judicial
or administrative proceedings. We often do not have the protection of security interests that could help us recover all or part of our
investment in a royalty interest in the event of an operator’s bankruptcy or insolvency. Operators
may interpret our existing or future royalty or other interests in a manner adverse to us or otherwise may not abide by their contractual
obligations, and we could be forced to take legal action to enforce our contractual rights. 14 Royalty
interests are generally subject to uncertainties and complexities arising from the application of contract and property laws in the jurisdictions
where the mining projects are located. Operators and other parties to the agreements governing our existing or future royalty or other
interests may interpret our interests in a manner adverse to us or otherwise may not abide by their contractual obligations, and we could
be forced to take legal action to enforce our contractual rights. We may or may not be successful in enforcing our contractual rights,
and our revenues relating to any challenged royalty interests may be delayed, curtailed or eliminated during the pendency of any such
dispute or in the event our position is not upheld, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition. Disputes could arise challenging, among other things, methods for calculating the royalty interest,
various rights of the operator or third parties in or to the royalty interest or the underlying property, the obligations of a current
or former operator to make payments on royalty interests, and various defects or ambiguities in the agreement governing a royalty interest. We
depend on the services of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, management, and other key employees; the loss of any
key employee coupled with an inability to replace the key employee could harm our operating results. We
believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key executive management personnel. We are entirely dependent on the
efforts of Alan Day, our president, CEO, and director, and Jeffrey Cocks, our CFO and director. The 