See “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 8 , for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. NASDAQ Global Market symbol NGNE 5 Table of Contents RISK FACTOR SUMMARY Investing in shares of our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus before making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, reputation, or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of shares of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. It is not possible to predict or identify all such risks; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Summary of Risk Factors • We have a limited operating history, have not completed any clinical trials, and have no products approved for commercial sale, and our results may vary from quarter to quarter. • We will require substantial additional capital to finance our operations in the future. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate clinical trials, product development programs or future commercialization efforts. • We have incurred significant losses since inception, expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We have no products for sale, have not generated any product revenue and may never generate product revenue or become profitable. • NGN-401 and our other programs are in early stages of development and may fail in development or suffer delays that materially and adversely affect their commercial viability. If we or our current or future collaborators are unable to complete development of, or commercialize, our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. • We are substantially dependent on the success of our most advanced product candidate, NGN-401, and our ongoing and anticipated clinical trials of NGN-401 may not be successful. • Delays in developing our manufacturing capabilities or failure to achieve operating efficiencies from such capabilities may require us to devote additional resources and management time to manufacturing operations and may delay our product development timelines. • We have a number of academic collaborations, and currently rely on our collaboration with the University Court of the University of Edinburgh (the “University of Edinburgh”) for certain aspects of our preclinical research and development programs, including working in collaboration to discover and preclinically develop potential product candidates for  our near-term future pipeline. Failure or delay of the University of Edinburgh or any other collaborator to fulfil all or part of its obligations under our agreements, a breakdown in collaboration between the parties or a complete or partial loss of the relationship would materially harm our business. • In order to successfully implement our plans and strategies, we will need to grow the size of our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. • The regulatory approval processes of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, such product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. • The market price of our common stock may continue to be volatile. 6 Table of Contents • We may be required to allocate resources to fulfilling the requirements of the Contingent Value Rights Agreement entered into in connection with the Reverse Merger related to certain legacy lease obligations which may take away from our core programs and create a distraction for our management and employees. • Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. • Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. 7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Position and Capital Requirements We have a limited operating history, have not completed any clinical trials, and have no products approved for commercial sale, and our results may vary from quarter to quarter. We are a clinical-stage biotechnology company with limited operating history. Since our inception in 2018, we have incurred significant operating losses and have used substantially all of our resources to conduct research and development activities, preclinical studies and Phase 1/2 clinical trials of our most advanced product candidates, establish in-house manufacturing capabilities, including analytical and process development operations to support ongoing manufacturing operations, manufacture product candidates, conduct business planning, develop and maintain our intellectual property portfolio, hire personnel, raise capital, and provide general and administrative support for these activities. We have limited experience as a company in initiating, conducting or completing clinical trials. In part because of this lack of experience, we cannot be certain that our current and planned clinical trials will begin on time, meet our anticipated timelines for enrollment and data analysis, or be completed on time, if at all. In addition, while we are conducting a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NGN-401 in patients with Rett syndrome and have completed enrollment in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NGN-101 in patients with CLN5 Batten disease, we have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete clinical trials (including Phase 3 or other pivotal clinical trials), obtain regulatory or marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales, marketing and distribution activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Additionally, we expect our financial condition and operating results to continue to fluctuate significantly from period to period due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. In addition, as our business grows, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, restrictions, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition at some point from a company with an early research and development focus to a company capable of supporting larger pivotal clinical trials and eventually commercial activities, including the manufacture of commercial scale product. We may not be successful in such a transition. We will require substantial additional capital to finance our operations in the future. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate clinical trials, product development programs or future commercialization efforts. Developing biotechnology products is a long, time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through private financings and have incurred significant recurring losses, including a cumulative net loss from inception of $248.2 million. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue to conduct a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of NGN-401 in patients with Rett syndrome, with the expectation that we will also initiate additional clinical trials in the future, and continue to research, develop and conduct preclinical studies of our other potential product candidates. We also anticipate that we may have near term expenses related to NGN-101 as we continue to evaluate options for that program following the denial by the FDA of an  RMAT designation, which  precludes our ability to use a streamlined registrational pathway necessary for further investment in the program. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate for commercial sale, including NGN-401, we anticipate incurring significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution activities to launch any such product. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies to perform preclinical studies or clinical trials in addition to those that we currently anticipate. Because the design and outcome of our current, planned and anticipated clinical trials are highly uncertain, we cannot reasonably estimate the actual amount of funding that will be necessary to successfully complete the development and commercialization of any product candidate we develop. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including factors that are not within our control. 8 Table of Contents We have incurred and expect to continue to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company, and we do not anticipate achieving any significant revenue in the near term given the development stage of our product candidates. According