Summary You
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties summarized below, the risks described under the “Risk Factors” section
beginning on page 11. The risks described in “Risk Factors” in this prospectus may cause us to not realize the full benefits
of our strengths or may cause us to be unable to successfully execute all or part of our growth strategy. Some of the more significant
risks include the following: Risks
Associated with Our Business ● We
                                            operate in emerging and rapidly evolving markets, making our business difficult to evaluate. ● market
                                            adoption of service robotics and automation may be slower than anticipated. ● Our
                                            position in the hotel industry exposes us to both operational and technological risks. ● The
                                            restaurant packaging market is highly competitive and subject to regulatory risk. ● We
                                            may not be able to compete effectively in highly competitive industries. ● Our
                                            business plans require a significant amount of capital. Future capital needs may require
                                            us to sell additional equity or debt securities that may dilute its stockholders. ● We
                                            have limited experience in operating our robots in a variety of environments. Unforeseen
                                            safety issues with our products could result in injuries to people which could result in
                                            adverse effects on our business and reputation. ● We
                                            target many customers, suppliers and production counterparties that are large corporations
                                            with substantial negotiating power, exacting product, quality and warranty standards and
                                            potentially competitive internal solutions. If we are unable to sell our products to these
                                            customers or are unable to enter into agreements with customers, suppliers and production
                                            counterparties on satisfactory terms, our prospects and results of operations will be adversely
                                            affected. ● Our
                                            business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected
                                            if we are unable to attract and retain customers and maintain satisfactory customer experience. ● We
                                            must successfully manage product introductions and transitions in order to remain competitive. ● We
                                            rely on third party manufacturers/suppliers and expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable
                                            future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient
                                            quantities of our products or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent
                                            or impair our development or commercialization efforts. ● Our
                                            products incorporate certain components from sole source suppliers, and if our contract manufacturers
                                            are unable to source these components on a timely basis, due to fabrication capacity issues
                                            or other material supply constraints, or if there are interruptions in our, or our contract
                                            manufacturers’, relationships with these third-party suppliers, we may not be able
                                            to deliver our products to our distributors and customers, which may adversely impact our
                                            business. ● Components
                                            used in our sensors may fail as a result of manufacturing, design or other defects over which
                                            we have no control and render our devices permanently inoperable. ● Our
                                            robots are highly technical and could be vulnerable to hardware errors or software bugs,
                                            which may harm our reputation and our business. 8 ● Our
                                            future growth depends in part on new products and new technology innovations, and failure
                                            to invent and innovate new product offerings and new technologies could adversely impact
                                            our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property ● If
                                            we fail to protect or enforce our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our business
                                            and operating results could be harmed. ● We
                                            rely on our proprietary technology, trade secrets, designs, experiences, work flows, data,
                                            processes, software and know-how. Risks
Related to Compliance ● We
                                            may become subject to new or changing governmental regulations relating to the design, manufacturing,
                                            marketing, distribution, servicing, or use of its products, and a failure to comply with
                                            such regulations could lead to withdrawal or recall of our products from the market, delay
                                            our projected revenues, increase cost, or make our business unviable if it is unable to modify
                                            its products to comply. ● Failures,
                                            or perceived failures, to comply with privacy, data protection, and information security
                                            requirements in the variety of jurisdictions in which we operate may adversely impact our
                                            business, and such legal requirements are evolving, uncertain and may require improvements
                                            in, or changes to, our policies and operations. General
Risks Associated with Our Company ● Our
                                            limited operating history and evolving business make it difficult to evaluate our current
                                            business and future prospects. ● We
                                            may pursue acquisitions, which involve a number of risks, and if we are unable to address
                                            and resolve these risks successfully, such acquisitions could harm our business. ● We
                                            may be unsuccessful in integrating the operations of any future acquisitions, including acquisitions
                                            involving new lines of business, with our existing operations, and in realizing all or any
                                            part of the anticipated benefits of any such acquisitions. ● Our
                                            ability to effectively manage our anticipated growth and expansion of our operations will
                                            also require us to enhance our operational, financial and management controls and infrastructure,
                                            human resources policies and reporting systems. These enhancements and improvements will
                                            require significant capital expenditures and allocation of valuable management and employee
                                            resources. ● Our
                                            Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Jimmy Chan controls 100% of the outstanding shares of Series
                                            A Preferred Stock, which gives him a number of votes equal to the total number of votes then
                                            held, or entitled to be made, by all other equity securities of the Corporation plus one. Risks
Related to this Offering and Our Common Stock ● Trading
                                            on the OTCQB may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our Common
                                            Stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares. ● Our
                                            stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the Securities and Exchange
                                            Commission’s penny stock regulations which may limit a stockholder’s ability
                                            to buy and sell our stock. ● The
                                            Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has adopted sales practice requirements
                                            which may also limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our stock. ● Issuance
                                            of Common Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement may result in the dilution of our shareholders
                                            and create downward pressure on the price of our Common Stock. Corporate
Information Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol “NGTF”. Our
principal executive offices are located at 13501 South Main Street, Los Angeles, CA 90016, and our telephone number is 