You should carefully consider the following
risk factors and all other information contained in this
prospectus before investing in shares of our Class A common
stock. Investing in our Class A common stock involves a
high degree of risk. If any of the following risks, or any other
risks and uncertainties that we have not yet identified or that
we currently think are immaterial, actually occur, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading
price of our Class A common stock could decline and you may
lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and
Industry Failure to comply with governmental
    regulations or guaranty agency rules could harm our
    business. Our principal business is comprised of
originating, acquiring, holding and servicing student loans made
and guaranteed pursuant to the FFEL Program, which was created
by the Higher Education Act. Most significant aspects of our
lines of business are governed by the Higher Education Act. We
are also subject to rules and regulations of the agencies that
act as guarantors of the student loans, known as guaranty
agencies. In addition, we are subject to certain federal and
state banking laws, regulations and examinations, as well as
federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations in
connection with private loans, which do not carry a federal
guarantee. The federal guarantee on our FFELP loans is
conditioned on compliance with origination, servicing and
collection standards set by the DOE and guaranty agencies. FFELP
loans that are not originated, disbursed or serviced in
accordance with DOE regulations risk loss of their guarantee, in
full or in part. If we experience a high rate of servicing
deficiencies or costs associated with remedial servicing, and if
we are unsuccessful in curing such deficiencies, the eventual
losses on the loans that are not cured could be material. Regulations authorize the DOE to limit, suspend
or terminate lenders’ participation in the FFEL Program, as
well as to impose civil penalties, if lenders violate certain
program regulations. The regulations also authorize the DOE to
impose penalties on the servicer and/or limit, suspend or
terminate the servicer’s eligibility to contract to service
FFELP loans if the servicer fails to meet standards of financial
responsibility or administrative capability included in the
regulations or violates certain other FFELP requirements. The
DOE conducts frequent on-site audits of our loan servicing
activities. Guaranty agencies conduct similar audits on a
regular basis. In addition, we engage independent third parties
to conduct compliance reviews, as required by the DOE, with
respect to our own student loan portfolio and the portfolios of
our third-party servicing clients. Our servicing customers that are financial
institutions are subject to examinations under certain banking
laws and regulations. We are in turn subject to examination and
audit under these laws and regulations. These examinations are
routinely performed by regulatory bodies such as the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency or the Office of Thrift Supervision, depending upon
the type of financial institution being examined. Our private loan portfolio is also subject to
federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations,
including state usury laws and related regulations and the
Federal Truth in Lending Act. These laws and regulations impose
substantial requirements upon lenders and servicers involved in
consumer finance. Failure to comply with these laws and
regulations could result in our liability to borrowers, the
imposition of civil penalties and potential class action suits. Our failure to comply with any of the above
regulatory regimes due to, among other things, compliance
errors, breaches of our internal control system, technological
defects or fraud by our employees or other persons could subject
us to potential legal actions. Legal actions could also arise as
a result of an operational deficiency, failure to comply with
contractual commitments, imprudent business decisions and
customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. 7 We must satisfy certain requirements
    necessary to maintain the federal guarantees of our FFELP loans
    and we may incur penalties or lose our guarantees if we fail to
    meet these requirements. We must meet various requirements in order to
maintain the federal guarantee on our FFELP loans. These
requirements establish servicing requirements and procedural
guidelines and specify school and borrower eligibility criteria. A guaranty agency may reject a loan for claim
payment due to a violation of FFEL Program due diligence
collection and servicing requirements. In addition, a guaranty
agency may reject claims under other circumstances, including,
for example, if a claim is not timely filed or adequate
documentation is not maintained. Once a loan ceases to be
guaranteed, it is ineligible for federal interest subsidies and
special allowance payments. If a loan is rejected for claim
payment by a guaranty agency, we continue to pursue the borrower
for payment and/or institute a process to reinstate the
guarantee. Rejections of claims as to portions of interest
may be made by guaranty agencies for certain violations of the
due diligence collection and servicing requirements, even though
the remainder of a claim may be paid. Examples of errors that
cause claim rejections include isolated missed collection calls
or failures to send collection letters as required. School eligibility requirements, which include
default rate limits, have been implemented by the DOE. In order
to maintain eligibility in the FFEL Program, schools must
maintain default rates below specified levels, and both guaranty
agencies and lenders are required to ensure that loans are made
to students attending schools that meet default criteria. If we fail to comply with any of the above
requirements, we could incur penalties or lose the federal
guarantee on some or all of our FFELP loans. Failure to comply with restrictions on
    inducements under the Higher Education Act could harm our
    business. The Higher Education Act generally prohibits a
lender from providing inducements to educational institutions or
individuals in order to secure applicants for FFELP loans. We
have entered into various agreements to acquire marketing lists
of prospective FFELP loan borrowers from sources such as college
alumni associations. We pay to acquire these lists and for the
completed applications for loans resulting therefrom. We believe
that such arrangements are permissible and do not violate
restrictions on inducements, as they fit within a regulatory
exception recognized by the DOE for generalized marketing and
advertising activities. The DOE has provided informal guidance
to us that such arrangements do not raise any improper
inducement issues, since such arrangements fall within the
generalized marketing exception. If the DOE were to change its
position, this could hurt our reputation and could potentially
result in the DOE imposing sanctions on us. These sanctions
could negatively impact our business. Possible changes in legislation and
    regulations could have a negative impact upon our
    business. Pursuant to the terms of the Higher Education
Act, the FFEL Program is periodically amended, and the Higher
Education Act must be reauthorized by Congress every five years
in order to prevent sunset of that Act. Changes in the Higher
Education Act made in the two most recent reauthorizations have
included reductions in student loan yields paid to lenders,
increased fees paid by lenders and a decreased level of federal
guarantee. Future changes could result in further negative
impacts on our business. Moreover, there can be no assurance
that the provisions of the Higher Education Act, which is
scheduled to expire on September 30, 2004, will be
reauthorized. While Congress has consistently extended the
effective date of the Higher Education Act, it may elect not to
reauthorize the DOE’s ability to provide interest
subsidies, special allowance payments and federal guarantees for
student loans. Such a failure to reauthorize would reduce the
number of federally guaranteed student loans available for us to
originate and/or acquire in the future and would materially
adversely affect us. In addition, funds for payment of interest
subsidies and other payments under the FFEL Program are subject
to annual budgetary appropriation by Congress. In recent years,
federal budget legislation has 8 contained provisions that have restricted
payments made under the FFEL Program to achieve reductions in
federal spending. Future legislation may adversely affect
expenditures by the DOE and the financial condition of guaranty
agencies. Efforts are underway to pass legislation which
would permit borrowers holding consolidation loans made under
the Higher Education Act to refinance their loans under the FFEL
Program multiple times, rather than only once, which would open
approximately 39% of our student loan portfolio to further
refinancing. Similar legislation may also abolish the so-called
single holder rule, which restricts the ability of other lenders
to consolidate student loans away from a lender that owns all of
a particular borrower’s loans. This would put approximately
one-third of our non-consolidated portfolio at risk of being
consolidated away by our competitors. In addition, if
legislation is enacted to allow variable-rate consolidation
loans or to extend the term of Stafford loans, we may experience
a decrease in our consolidation loan opportunities. Accordingly,
any of these legislative changes could have a material adverse
impact upon us. In addition, the DOE oversees and implements the
Higher Education Act and periodically issues regulations and
interpretations of that Act. 