Investing in our common stock involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing at the end
of this prospectus, before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be harmed. In that event, the market
price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or even all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a limited history of operating profits, did not generate a profit in the six months ended December 31, 2011 or the nine months ended September 30, 2012, and may not achieve or
maintain profitability in the future. We have not been consistently profitable on a quarterly or annual basis. Although we had net income for fiscal 2011, we experienced net losses of $5.9 million, $29.7 million, $6.7 million and $27.4
million for fiscal 2009, fiscal 2010, the six months ended December 31, 2011 and the nine months ended September 30, 2012, respectively. As of September 30, 2012, our accumulated deficit was $95.6 million. While we have experienced
significant revenue growth over recent periods, we may not be able to sustain or increase our growth or return to profitability in the future. Over the past year, we have significantly increased our expenditures to support the development and
expansion of our business, which has resulted in increased losses. We plan to continue to invest for future growth, and as a result, we do not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future. In addition, as a public company, we will continue to
incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a result of these increased expenditures, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenues to achieve future profitability. We may incur
significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation the other risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays
and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If these losses exceed our expectations or our revenue growth expectations are not met in future periods, our financial performance will be harmed. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. If
we are not able to manage this growth and expansion, or if our business does not grow as we expect, our operating results may suffer. We continue to experience rapid growth in our customer base and have significantly expanded our operations during the last
several years. In particular, we are aggressively investing in: significant expansion of our cloud infrastructure and associated service capacity; our global sales, marketing and operations activities and personnel; and additional office facility
lease commitments and administrative employees. Our employee headcount has increased from 491 as of September 30, 2011 to 963 as of September 30, 2012, and we plan on adding over 181 employees during the remainder of 2012. We signed new
leases for a larger corporate office in San Diego in February 2012, additional office space in San Jose in April 2012 and Amsterdam in September 2012 and are currently seeking to further expand our San Jose and London offices. In addition, we hired
new senior management in 2011 and 2012. Our rapid growth has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure facilities and other resources. Our ability to manage our operations and
growth will require us to continue to expand our sales force, facilities, infrastructure and operations, and refine our operational, financial and management controls, human resource policies, and reporting systems and procedures. For instance, in
2012 we have been implementing a new financial enterprise resource planning system to help manage our future growth and are in the process of integrating that system with our customer relationship management system. If we fail to efficiently expand
our sales force, operations, cloud infrastructure or IT and financial systems, or if we fail to implement or maintain effective internal controls and procedures, our costs and expenses may increase more than we plan and we may lose the ability to
close customer opportunities, enhance our existing service, develop new applications, satisfy customer requirements, respond to competitive pressures or otherwise execute our business plan. Additionally, as our operating expenses increase in
anticipation of the growth of our business, if such growth does not meet our expectations, our financial results likely would be harmed. 10 Table of Contents Defects or disruptions in our service could diminish demand for our service, harm our
financial results and subject us to substantial liability. Our customers use our service for important aspects of their businesses, and any errors, defects, disruptions to our service or other performance problems with our service could hurt our reputation and
may damage our customers’ businesses. From time to time, we have found defects in our service, and new errors in our existing service may be detected in the future. For example, recently a few of our largest customers have been experiencing
reduced levels of availability, performance and functionality due to the scale at which they have implemented our service. We provide regular product updates, which frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. Defects may
also be introduced by our use of third-party software, including open-source software. Defects can be hard to detect and may result in disruptions to our service. In addition, our customers may use our service in ways that cause disruptions in
service for other customers. Customers have delayed, and may in the future delay, payment to us, may elect not to renew, and may make service credit claims, warranty claims or other claims against us. As a result, we could lose future sales.
Further, if we are unable to meet the stated service level commitments we have guaranteed to our customers or suffer extended periods of unavailability for our service, we may be contractually obligated to provide these customers with credits for
future service. The occurrence of payment delays, service credit, warranty or other claims against us could result in an increase in our bad debt expense, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable, an increase to our warranty
provisions, or increased expenses or risks of litigation. We do not carry insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that may result from claims arising from defects or disruptions in our service or the potential
harm to the future growth of our business due to defects or disruptions. If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our
service, and we may incur significant liabilities. Our operations involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ confidential information, and security breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks could expose us to a risk of loss
of this information, litigation, indemnity obligations and other liability. For example, our third-party data center facility in London was subjected to a distributed denial of service attack in January 2012 that prevented some of our customers
hosted in that data center from using our service intermittently for a period of about three hours. While we have administrative, technical, and physical security measures in place, and try to contractually require third parties to whom we transfer
data to implement and maintain appropriate security measures, if our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our
customers’ data, including personally identifiable information regarding users, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce
employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers’ data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business
information, or our information technology systems. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until successfully launched against a target, we may be unable to
anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose potential
sales and existing customers. We need to
continue to invest in enhancements to our cloud infrastructure and if our required investments are greater than anticipated or fail to yield anticipated cost savings and performance benefits, our financial results will be negatively impacted. We have made and will
continue to make substantial investments in new equipment to support growth at our data centers, provide enhanced levels of service to our customers and reduce future costs of subscription revenues. In the nine months ended September 30, 2012,
we purchased $18.8 million in equipment for use in our data centers. Ongoing improvements to our cloud infrastructure may be more expensive than we anticipate, and 11 Table of Contents may not yield the expec