—Risks Related to Our Industry and the Consumer Finance Economy.” In addition, future borrowings on our line of credit would be subject to changes in interest rate. JOBS Act Accounting Election We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 78 BUSINESS Overview NerdWallet provides trustworthy financial guidance to consumers and SMBs. Our mission is to provide clarity for all of life’s financial decisions. Our vision is a world where everyone makes financial decisions with confidence. At NerdWallet, we empower consumers—both individual consumers and SMBs—to make smarter financial decisions with confidence via our digital platform. Technology has changed the way consumers manage their financial lives, making them more comfortable with comparing and shopping for financial products online. This change has accelerated with the dramatic growth in companies offering innovative financial products. At NerdWallet, we are leveraging this transformation to democratize access to trustworthy financial guidance—ultimately helping to improve the financial well-being of consumers and the financial services industry as a whole. As the financial services industry becomes more fragmented and complex, our value proposition as a trusted, independent platform for consumers increases. We deliver guidance to consumers through educational content, tools and calculators, product marketplaces and the NerdWallet app. Our platform delivers unique value across many financial products, including credit cards, mortgages, insurance, SMB products, personal loans, banking, investing and student loans, and has grown to include the UK and Canadian markets, with plans for further international expansion. Across every touchpoint, the cornerstone of our platform is our consumers’ trust in the independent, objective and relevant guidance we provide, free of charge. This trusted guidance has helped us build a large, loyal and well-informed audience of consumers who turn to us as a resource for many of their money questions and to shop for the best financial products for them. We then use machine learning to present personalized options using aggregated and scalable information. As a result, we have become an attractive partner for financial services providers wanting access to high-value consumers—consumers who might not otherwise trust these financial services providers’ recommendations because their guidance is inherently biased toward their own products. By operating at the intersection of consumers and financial services providers, NerdWallet drives value for both. Through our platform, our financial services partners can reach a substantial audience—we had 21 million MUUs per month on average in the first half of 2021. After doing research on our platform, these consumers are better informed about the financial decision they’re about to make and often primed and ready to transact. When consumers are more informed about their financial decisions, they make the appropriate decisions for their needs with confidence, increasing their lifetime value to financial services providers as customers. We have also received feedback from our financial services partners that our users ’ approval rates can be significantly higher than those applying through other channels. Plus, as consumers’ smart money moves expand their options, they are eager to explore additional opportunities and products they are now eligible for, driving further demand for NerdWallet’s financial services partners. To meet the standards of more informed consumers, financial services providers in turn must engage in healthy competition for consumer mindshare and develop better financial products, further improving the outcomes for consumers. NerdWallet’s ability to serve consumers and financial services providers hinges on our position as an independent, unbiased resource. The core strength of our platform is the trust that we build with consumers and the tailored and personalized recommendations we deliver via our data science models. Our consumer-first values and consumer-centric mission permeate everything we do and have been key to building and maintaining trust—it’s the “consumer, company, team, self” value that guides our decision making and product development. Across the company, Nerds engage every day with our values and mission to democratize trusted, accessible guidance and tools, leveling the playing field for everyone. 80 These values will benefit us over the long-term as we build on our leadership as the place consumers turn to first for financial guidance. Already, we have massive, top-of-funnel reach. By adhering to our consumer-first value, we will not only empower consumers to make better financial decisions, but also help our financial services partners more effectively find new customers well-suited to their products. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, our revenue was $228.3 million and $245.3 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 7%. For the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2021, our revenue was $137.3 million and $181.6 million, respectively. We generated net income of $24.2 million and $5.3 million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively, and net income (loss) of $3.1 million and $(26.8) million for the six months ended June 30, and 2021, respectively. Industry Trends in our Favor Many trends are transforming the way consumers and SMBs manage their finances and several of these trends accelerated during the COVID-19 pandemic creating tailwinds in our industry. Consumers Manage Their Lives Digitally, and Financial Wellness is at the Forefront of This Change Increasingly, we use a digital-first approach to managing our lives: we manage appointments, book vacations, plan events, and shop using apps and this has been especially true in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. During the past several years, this digital-first approach has also permeated personal finance with consumers expecting to have the ability to manage all aspects of their financial wellness online. To meet this consumer demand, traditional financial services providers have established digital interfaces and are continually adding new functionality. At the same time, successful fintech companies are proliferating and setting new standards for digital experiences. These new players are responding to changing consumer expectations by disrupting nearly every aspect of personal finance and offering a wide range of faster, better and cheaper digital services, continually altering the competitive landscape. By focusing on distinct personal financial products, fintech companies have unbundled personal finance and have provided value that conventional financial services providers cannot, often improving and expanding consumers’ choices and therefore, overall financial wellness. Consumers Are Inundated With Choice and Complexity, but Unbiased Financial Guidance is Difficult to Find While digital access and an increasing number of fintech companies are making it easier to invest, make payments and even take out a loan, the explosion of market participants also makes it increasingly difficult and time consuming for consumers to sift through all of the options to determine which product is best suited to their personal financial needs. Financial products and services are complex and consumers are seeking ways to compare and better understand their options. Many consumers do not have a trusted financial advisor to help them navigate this complexity and instead seek advice online. Unfortunately, finding trustworthy financial guidance online can be challenging. Fees are not always transparent, there is not a standard route to achieve financial literacy and creative marketing can leave consumers feeling overwhelmed. In 2021, only 59% of adults in the United States received a passing score on the National Financial Literacy Test. Consumers Want to Know They’ve Made the Right Choice in Their Financial Lives Consumers want to take control of their financial well-being, ensure they’re getting the right deal, understand exactly what they’re signing up for and have confidence in their decisions. This desire to understand and feel well-informed about finances is prevalent across all generations. Even among the newest Gen Z consumers, many of whom may not have much experience with personal finance or even own a credit card, 89% surveyed in a 2021 Tallo study said that it’s a priority for them to learn about personal finance and 75% are interested in taking personal finance classes. 81 Our Platform We have developed a consumer-first platform that empowers consumers and SMBs to make well-informed financial decisions at the right time and with confidence. The cornerstone of our platform is consumer trust in the independent, objective, and relevant guidance we provide, free of charge. Given it is incredibly difficult for any one person to be deeply knowledgeable across all areas of personal finance, we have a 100+ person editorial team that functions as the “brains” behind our guidance. Our writers and editors, who have joined us from notable publications including Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal, cover specific verticals day in and day out, and, as a resul