: See “ Risk Factors ”
    beginning on page 12 and the other information contained in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider
    before investing in our securities. Lock-up: We,
    our directors, executive officers, and stockholders who own five percent (5%) or more of our outstanding common stock have agreed
    with the Underwriter not to offer for sale, issue, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any
    option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or
    indirectly, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares
    of capital stock of the Company, in the case of the Company for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus, and in the
    case of our directors and executive officers and our five percent (5%) and greater stockholders for a period of 180 days after the
    date of this prospectus, without the prior written consent of the Underwriter. See “ Underwriting ” for additional
    information. (1) The
    total number of shares of common stock that will be outstanding after this offering is based on 3,903,094 shares of common
    stock outstanding as of September 30, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, the shares outstanding after this offering excludes the following: ● 1,391,483 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants to purchase common stock (see “ Description of Our Securities—Warrants ”
form more information) ; ● 506,635 shares of our preferred series A stock will
    convert to 2,026,540 shares of common stock upon the closing of the initial public offering; ● 115,477 shares of our preferred series seed stock will
    convert to 461,907 shares of common stock upon the closing of the initial public offering; ● [●] shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise
    of the Underwriter’s Warrants to purchase common stock; ● 753,302 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion
    of the Notes, assuming a conversion price of $4.72 per share (see “ Prospectus Summary—Recent Developments ”
    for more information); ● 23,547
                                                                              Commitment Shares related to Notes issued after September 30, 2022 (see “ Prospectus Summary—Recent
                                                                              Developments ” for more information); ● 25,000 shares of common stock and an additional [●]
    issuable upon exercise of warrants issuable to Exchange Listing, LLC upon consummation of this offering (see “ Prospectus
    Summary—Recent Developments ” for more information); and ● 2,638,788
    shares of our common stock (giving effect to our 4-for-1 stock split in September 2021) issuable upon exercise of options to
    purchase common stock. Unless
otherwise indicated, this prospectus reflects and assumes no exercise by the Underwriter of its over-allotment option. 8 SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS Our
business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. You should
consider all of the information set forth in this prospectus and, in particular, the specific factors set forth under “ Risk
Factors ” in deciding whether to invest in our securities. These risks include, without limitation, the following: Risks
Relating to Our Business and Our Product ● Our
    business and prospects depend entirely on our current product, IB-Stim. Even though we have received FDA clearance for our product,
    it will remain subject to ongoing regulatory review. If we are unable to maintain regulatory clearance and commercialize our product
    or are significantly delayed or limited in our commercialization efforts, our business and prospects will be materially
    harmed. ● To
    date, we have not generated any operating profits, and due to our long-term research and development efforts, we have a history of
    incurring substantial operating losses. ● While
    the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues and
    in its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering of its debt or equity securities, there can be no
    assurance that it will be able to do so on reasonable terms, or at all. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern
    is dependent upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenues and its ability to raise additional
    funds by way of a public or private offering. Neither future cash generated from operating activities, nor management’s contingency
    plans to mitigate the risk and extend cash resources through the evaluation period, are considered probable, and therefore substantial
    doubt is deemed to exist about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. ● Our
    clinical studies could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected by many factors, including difficulties in enrolling patients. ● If
    we are unable to develop an adequate sales and marketing organization or contract with third parties to assist us, we may not be
    able to successfully commercialize our products for current and future indications. ● We
    may not be successful in achieving market acceptance of our products by healthcare professionals, patients and/or third-party payers
    in the timeframes we anticipate, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition
    and results of operations. ● Failure
    to secure and maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers could adversely affect acceptance of our products
    and reduce our revenues. ● We
    may not be successful in maintaining reimbursement codes necessary to facilitate accurate and timely billing for our products or
    physician services attendant to our products. ● We
    may depend on single-source suppliers for some of our components. The loss of these suppliers could prevent or delay shipments of
    our products, delay our clinical studies or otherwise adversely affect our business. ● Quality
    control problems with respect to devices and components supplied by third-party suppliers could have a material adverse effect on
    our reputation, our clinical studies or the commercialization of our products and, as a result, a material adverse effect on our
    business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. ● Continued
    testing of our products may not yield successful results and could reveal currently unknown aspects or safety hazards associated
    with our products. ● The
    size and expected growth of our available market has not been established with precision and may be smaller than we estimate. ● If
    physicians and patients do not accept our current and future products or if the market for indications for which any product candidate
    is approved is smaller than expected, we may be unable to generate significant revenue, if any. 9 ● Because
    of the specialized nature of our business, the termination of relationships with our key employees, consultants and advisors may
    prevent us from successfully operating our business, including developing our products, conducting clinical studies, commercializing
    our products and obtaining any necessary financing. ● Customer
    or third-party complaints or negative reviews or publicity about our company or our products could harm our reputation and brand. ● Developing
    medical technology entails significant technical, regulatory and business risks. ● We
    may not be able to compete with treatments now being marketed and developed, or which may be developed and marketed in the future
    by other companies. Risks
Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters ● Product
    liability suits, whether or not meritorious, could be brought against us due to alleged defective devices or for the misuse of our
    products, which could result in expensive and time-consuming litigation, payment of substantial damages and/or expenses and an increase
    in our insurance rates. ● We
    are subject to consumer protection laws that regulate our marketing practices and prohibit unfair or deceptive acts or practices.
    Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business, and changes in such regulations or laws
    could require us to modify our products or marketing or advertising efforts. ● We
    are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and are subject to privacy and security laws. Our products and our systems
    and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cyber security breaches and data leakage. ● We
    may choose to, or may be required to, suspend, repeat or terminate our clinical studies if they are not conducted in accordance with
    regulatory requirements, the results are negative or inconclusive or the studies are not well designed. ● Legislative
    and regulatory changes in the U.S. and in other countries regarding healthcare insurance and government-sponsored reimbursement programs
    (such as Medicare in the United States) may adversely affect our business and financial results. ● We
    are subject to extensive post-marketing regulation by the FDA and comparable authorities in other jurisdictions, which could impact
    the sales and marketing of our products and could cause us to incur significant costs to maintain compliance. In addition, we may
    become subject to additional regulation in other jurisdictions if we market and sell our products outside of the U.S. ● In
    addition to FDA requirements, we will spend considerable time and money complying with other federal, state, local and foreign rules,
    regulations and guidance and, if we are unable 