You should carefully consider the following
information about the risks described below, together with the
financial and other information contained in this prospectus,
before you decide to buy our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business and
Industry We expect our operating results to fluctuate
on a quarterly and annual basis, which could cause our stock
price to fluctuate or decline. Our operating results are difficult to predict
and may fluctuate substantially from quarter-to-quarter or
year-to-year for a variety of reasons, many of which are beyond
our control. If our actual revenue were to fall below our
estimates or the expectations of public market analysts or
investors, our quarterly and annual results would be negatively
impacted and the price of our stock could decline. Other factors
that could affect our quarterly and annual operating results
include those listed in this “Risk Factors” section of
this prospectus and others such as: • changes in the pricing policies of or the
    introduction of new products or product enhancements by us or
    our competitors; • changes in the terms of our contracts with
    customers or suppliers; • slow or negative growth in the networking
    product, personal computer, Internet infrastructure, home
    electronics and related technology markets, as well as decreased
    demand for Internet access; • changes in or consolidation of our sales channel
    and wholesale distributor relationships or failure to manage our
    sales channel inventory and warehousing requirements; • delay or failure to fulfill orders for our
    products on a timely basis; • our inability to accurately forecast our contract
    manufacturing needs; • delays in the introduction of new or enhanced
    products by us or market acceptance of these products; • an increase in price protection claims,
    redemptions of marketing rebates, product warranty returns or
    allowance for doubtful accounts; • operational disruptions, such as transportation
    delays or failure of our order processing system, particularly
    if they occur at the end of a fiscal quarter; and • seasonal patterns of higher sales during the
    second half of our fiscal year, particularly retail-related
    sales in our fourth quarter. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our
operating results may not be meaningful, and you should not rely
on them as an indication of our future performance. In addition,
our future operating results may fall below the expectations of
public market analysts or investors. In this event, our stock
price could decline significantly. Our future success is dependent on the
acceptance of networking products in the small business and home
markets into which we sell substantially all of our products. If
the acceptance of networking products in these markets does not
continue to grow, we will be unable to increase or sustain our
net revenue, and our business will be severely harmed. We believe that growth in the small business
market will depend, in significant part, on the growth of the
number of personal computers purchased by these end users and
the demand for sharing data intensive applications, such as
large graphic files. We believe that acceptance of networking
products in the home will depend upon the availability of
affordable broadband Internet access and increased demand for
wireless products. Unless these markets continue to grow, our
business will be unable to expand, which could cause the value
of your investment to decline. Moreover, if networking functions
are integrated more directly into personal computers and other
Internet-enabled devices, such as electronic games or personal
video recorders, and these devices do not rely upon external
network-enabling devices, sales of our products could suffer. In
addition, if the small business or home markets experience a
recession or other cyclical effects that diminish 5 Table of Contents or delay networking expenditures, our business
growth and profits would be severely limited, and our business
could be more severely harmed than those companies that
primarily sell to large business customers. Some of our competitors have substantially
greater resources than we do, and to be competitive we may be
required to lower our prices or increase our advertising
expenditures or other expenses, which could result in reduced
margins and loss of market share. We compete in a rapidly evolving and highly
competitive market, and we expect competition to intensify. Our
principal competitors in the small business market include
3Com Corporation, Allied Telesyn International, Dell
Computer Corporation, D-Link Systems, Inc., Hewlett-Packard
Company, The Linksys division of Cisco Systems and Nortel
Networks. Our principal competitors in the home market include
Belkin Corporation, D-Link, The Linksys division of Cisco
Systems and Microsoft Corporation. Other current and potential
competitors include numerous local vendors such as Corega
International SA and Melco, Inc./ Buffalo Technology in Japan
and TP-Link in China. Our potential competitors also include
consumer electronics vendors who could integrate networking
capabilities into their line of products. Many of our existing and potential competitors
have longer operating histories, greater name recognition and
substantially greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and
other resources, including Cisco Systems and Microsoft. These
competitors may, among other things, undertake more extensive
marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies,
obtain more favorable pricing from suppliers and manufacturers
and exert more influence on the sales channel than we can. In
June 2003, Cisco Systems acquired The Linksys Group, a major
competitor of ours. Cisco Systems has substantial resources that
it may direct to developing or purchasing advanced technology,
which might be superior to ours. In addition, it may direct
substantial resources to expand its Linksys division’s
distribution channel and to increase its advertising
expenditures or otherwise use its resources to successfully
compete. Any of these actions could cause us to materially
increase our expenses, and could result in our being unable to
successfully compete, which would harm our results of
operations. We anticipate that current and potential competitors
will also intensify their efforts to penetrate our target
markets. These competitors may have more advanced technology,
more extensive distribution channels, stronger brand names,
greater access to shelf space in retail locations, bigger
promotional budgets and larger customer bases than we do. These
companies could devote more capital resources to develop,
manufacture and market competing products than we could. If any
of these companies are successful in competing against us, our
sales could decline, our margins could be negatively impacted,
and we could lose market share, any of which could seriously
harm our business and results of operations. The average selling prices of our products
typically decrease rapidly over the sales cycle of the product,
which may negatively affect our gross margins. Our products typically experience price erosion,
a fairly rapid reduction in the average selling prices over
their respective sales cycles. In order to sell products that
have a falling average selling price and maintain margins at the
same time, we need to continually reduce product and
manufacturing costs. To manage manufacturing costs, we must
collaborate with our third-party manufacturers to engineer the
most cost-effective design for our products. In addition, we
must carefully manage the price paid for components used in our
products. We must also successfully manage our freight and
inventory costs to reduce overall product costs. We also need to
continually introduce new products with higher sales prices and
gross margins in order to maintain our overall gross margins. If
we are unable to manage the cost of older products or
successfully introduce new products with higher gross margins,
our net revenue and overall gross margin would likely decline. If we fail to continue to introduce new
products and product enhancements that achieve broad market
acceptance on a timely basis, we will not be able to compete
effectively and we will be unable to increase or maintain net
revenue and gross margins. We operate in a highly competitive, quickly
changing environment, and our future success depends on our
ability to develop and introduce new products and product
enhancements that achieve broad market acceptance in the small
business and home markets. Our future success will depend in
large part upon our 6 Table of Contents ability to identify demand trends in the small
business and home markets and quickly develop, manufacture and
sell products that satisfy these demands in a cost effective
manner. Successfully predicting demand trends is difficult, and
it is very difficult to predict the effect introducing a new
product will have on existing product sales. We will also need
to respond effectively to new product announcements by our
competitors by quickly introducing competitive products. We have experienced delays in releasing new
products and product enhancements in the past, which resulted in
lower quarterly net revenue than expected. For example, in 2000,
we introduced a proprietary wireless networking solution. Later,
we decided to re-design our products to be compliant with the
802.11 standard promulgated by the Institute of Electrical and
Electronic Engineers. As a result, we introduced our wireless
local area networking, or LAN, 802.11b products in the first
quarter of 2001, six months behind some of our competitors. In
addition, we have experienced unanticipated delays in product
introductions beyond announced release dates. Any future delays
in product development and introduction could result in: • loss of or delay in revenue and loss of market
    share; • negative publi