Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we
face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition,
operating results and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a
history of losses and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses in all periods
since our inception, and we expect that we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We experienced net losses of $44.7 million, $84.0 million and $126.1 million for fiscal 2013, fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015,
respectively, and $28.5 million and $38.5 million for the three months ended October 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively. As of October 31, 2015, we had an accumulated deficit of $312.0 million. In addition to the investments we
expect to continue to make to grow our business, we also expect to incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses as a newly public company, that we did not incur as a private company. If we fail to increase our revenue and manage
our expenses, we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. The markets in which we compete are rapidly evolving, which make it difficult to
forecast end-customer adoption rates and demand for our solutions. The markets in which we compete are rapidly evolving. Accordingly, our
future financial performance will depend in large part on the allocation of spending in traditional IT markets and on our ability to adapt to new market demands. Currently, sales of our solutions are dependent in large part upon replacement of
spending in traditional markets, including x86 servers, storage systems and virtualization software. If these markets experience a shift in customer demand, our solutions may not compete as effectively, if at all. It is also difficult to predict
end-customer demand or adoption rates for our solutions or the future growth of our market. If end-customers do not adopt our solutions, our ability to grow
our business and operating results may be adversely affected. We believe that our solutions represent a major shift to web-scale
architecture, and traditional IT infrastructure architecture is entrenched in the datacenters of many of our end-customers because of their historical financial investment in existing IT infrastructure architecture and the existing knowledge base
and skillsets of IT administrators. As a result, our sales efforts often involve extensive efforts to educate our end-customers as to the benefits and capabilities of our solutions, particularly as we continue to pursue large organizations as
end-customers. If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our solutions, our ability to grow our business and our operating results will be adversely affected. Our revenue growth in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance. We have experienced significant growth in recent periods with total revenue of $30.5 million, $127.1 million and $241.4 million for fiscal
2013, fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015, respectively. For the three months ended October 31, 2014 and 2015, our total revenue was $46.1 million and $87.8 million, respectively. You should not consider our revenue growth in recent periods
as indicative of our future performance. While we have recently experienced significant revenue growth, we may not achieve 15 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements similar revenue growth in future periods. Accordingly, you should not rely on our revenue growth for any prior quarterly or annual periods as an indication of our future revenue or revenue
growth. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and we may not be able to sustain or manage any future growth effectively. We have expanded our overall business and operations significantly in recent periods. Our employee headcount increased from 247 as of July 31, 2013
to 1,368 as of October 31, 2015, and we expect to have significant headcount increases in the future. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase in the foreseeable future as we scale our business, including in developing and
improving our solutions, expanding our sales and marketing capabilities and global coverage, and in providing general and administrative resources to support our growth. As we continue to grow our business, we must effectively integrate, develop and
motivate a large number of new employees while maintaining the effectiveness of our business execution. We must also continue to improve and expand our information technology, or IT, and financial infrastructure, management systems and product
management and sales processes. We expect that our future growth will continue to place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. We may incur costs associated with future growth prior to realizing the anticipated
benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly than we expect. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities. We also may fail to satisfy
end-customers’ requirements, maintain product quality, execute on our business plan or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. We compete with traditional storage vendors, IT systems vendors and infrastructure software providers and expect competition to continue to intensify in the
future from both established competitors and new market entrants. We operate in the intensely competitive enterprise infrastructure market
and compete primarily with companies that sell storage arrays, integrated systems and servers, as well as infrastructure and management software. These markets are characterized by constant change and rapid innovation. Our main competitors fall into
the following categories: • traditional storage array vendors such as EMC Corporation, NetApp, Inc. and Hitachi Data Systems, which typically sell centralized storage products; • traditional IT systems vendors such as Hewlett-Packard Company, Cisco Systems, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd., Dell, Hitachi Data Systems and IBM Corporation that offer integrated systems that include bundles of servers,
storage and networking solutions, as well as a broad range of standalone server and storage products; and • software providers such as VMware, Inc. that offer a broad range of virtualization, infrastructure and management products. In addition, we compete against vendors of hyperconverged infrastructure and software-defined storage products such as VMware, Inc. and smaller emerging
companies. As our market grows, we expect it will attract new companies as well as existing larger vendors. Some of our competitors may expand their product offerings, acquire competing businesses, sell at lower prices, bundle with other products,
provide closed technology platforms or otherwise attempt to gain a competitive advantage. Furthermore, as we expand our product offerings, we may expand into new markets and we may encounter additional competitors in such markets. EMC recently announced that it had signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Dell. As part of the announcement, EMC and Dell emphasized the
companies’ complementary product portfolios, that Dell would give EMC a leading server platform and that the transaction would give Dell an 16 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements opportunity to combine the storage businesses of the two companies. Dell is not just a competitor but also is an OEM partner of ours and the combined company may also be more likely to promote
and sell its own solutions over our products. EMC also holds the majority of the outstanding voting power in VMware, Inc. and if the acquisition is completed, Dell will control VMware, and could combine the Dell, EMC and VMware product portfolios
into unified offerings optimized for their platforms. Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors may have,
competitive advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand awareness and name recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios and broader global
presence and distribution networks. Furthermore, some of our competitors supply a wide variety of products to, and have well-established relationships with, our current and prospective end-customers. Some of these competitors have in the past and
may in the future take advantage of their existing relationships with end-customers, distributors or resellers to provide incentives to such current or prospective end-customers that make their products more economically attractive or to interfere
with our ability to offer our solutions to our end-customers. Our competitors may also be able to offer products or functionality similar to ours at a more attractive price, such as by integrating or bundling their solutions with their other product
offerings or those of technology partners or establishing cooperative relationships with other competitors, technology partners or other third parties. Potential end-customers may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new
supplier, especially given the significant investments that the