.” These
and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these publications. i PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained
elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all the information you should consider before investing in the securities.
However, you should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors,” “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing
elsewhere in this prospectus. Our Business Overview Nutriband Inc. (the “Company”, “Nutriband”,
“we” or “us”), was incorporated in Nevada in January 2016. Our primary business is the development of a portfolio
of transdermal pharmaceutical products. Our development pipeline consists of transdermal products that are based on our proprietary AVERSA®
abuse deterrent transdermal technology that we believe can be incorporated into existing transdermal patches that contain drugs that are
susceptible to abuse and misuse. We operate in two distinct business segments: pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Our principal offices
are located in Orlando, Florida, and we primarily operate and derive most of our revenues in the United States. Our lead product under development is AVERSA Fentanyl,
an abuse deterrent fentanyl transdermal system that combines an approved generic fentanyl patch with our AVERSA abuse deterrent technology
to reduce the abuse and misuse of fentanyl patches. We believe that AVERSA technology can be broadly applied to various transdermal products,
and our plan is to follow the development of our abuse deterrent fentanyl transdermal system with the development of additional transdermal
abuse deterrent products for pharmaceuticals that have a risk or history of abuse. Specifically, we have expanded our development pipeline
to include AVERSA Buprenorphine and AVERSA Methylphenidate. In addition, we are developing a portfolio of transdermal pharmaceutical products
to deliver already approved drugs or biologics that are typically delivered by injection but with the potential to improve compliance
and therapeutic outcomes through transdermal delivery. We have a feasibility agreement with Kindeva Drug
Delivery, formerly 3M Drug Delivery (“Kindeva”), for the development of AVERSA Fentanyl using Kindeva’s FDA approved
Fentanyl patch. The feasibility agreement is focused on adapting Kindeva’s commercial transdermal manufacturing process to incorporate
AVERSA abuse deterrent technology. 1 Selected Risks Associated with our Business
and Operations Our business is subject to significant risks,
which are disclosed in more detail under “Risk Factors,” which begins on page 7, as a result of which an investment in
our common stock is highly speculative and could result in the loss of your entire investment. Significant risks include, but are not
limited to, the following: ● Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics, including the recent outbreak of COVID-19, which was declared by the World Health Organization as a global pandemic, and is resulting in travel and other restrictions to reduce the spread of the disease, including state and local orders across the country, which, among other things, direct individuals to shelter at their places of residence, direct businesses and governmental agencies to cease non-essential operations at physical locations, prohibit certain non-essential gatherings, and order cessation of non-essential travel. The effects of these orders, government-imposed quarantines and measures we would take, such as work-from-home policies, may negatively impact productivity, disrupt our business and could delay our clinical programs and timelines, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. These and similar, and perhaps more severe, disruptions in our operations could negatively impact our business, operating results and financial condition. Further, quarantines, shelter-in-place and similar government orders, or the perception that such orders, shutdowns or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations could occur, related to COVID-19 or other infectious diseases could impact personnel at third-party manufacturing facilities in the United States and other countries, or the availability or cost of materials, which could disrupt our supply chain. ● If we do not raise substantial funds subsequent to the completion of this offering, we may not be able to develop our lead product and we may have to grant rights to our product on unfavorable terms in order to complete the development of this product. The completion of the development of our lead product may take longer or be more expensive than we anticipate. ● The FDA regulatory process may take longer and be more expensive than we anticipate without any assurance that we will obtain FDA approval. ● If we are not able to obtain FDA approval for our lead product, we may not have the resources to develop any other product, and we may not be able to continue in business. ● We may not be able to launch any products for which we receive FDA marketing approval. ● We may not be able to establish a distribution network for the marketing and sale of any products for which we receive FDA approval. 2 ● We may not be able to establish manufacturing facilities in compliance with FDA good manufacturing practices or to enter into manufacturing agreements for the manufacture of our products in an FDA approved manufacturing facility. ● It may be necessary to us to enter into a joint venture or other strategic relationship in order to develop, perform clinical testing for, manufacture or market any of our proposed products. We may not be able to enter into such a relationship, and any relationship may not be successful, and the other party may have business interests and priorities that are different from ours. ● We are party to a settlement agreement with the SEC resulting from statements in our SEC filings that did not accurately reflect the FDA’s jurisdiction over our consumer products and did not disclose that we could not legally market these products in the United States. The settlement included a cease-and-desist order against violating the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act which require us to file accurate registration statements and annual reports with the SEC. Our failure to comply with our obligations under the settlement agreement could result in enforcement proceedings against us or our officers. ● We may not be able to protect our rights in our intellectual property, and we may be subject to intellectual property litigation which would be expensive and disruptive of our operations even if we eventually prevail on the merits. ● Unanticipated side effects or other adverse events resulting from the use of our product could require a recall of our products and, even if no recall is required, our reputation could be impaired by side effects. ● We may not be able to evaluate potential acquisition candidates, with the result that we may not be able to benefit from the acquisition or integrate the acquired business with our business. We have recently incurred an impairment charge as a result of an acquisition when the intellectual property assets of the acquired company were not as represented. We cannot assure you that we will not incur similar or other problems with any future acquisitions. ● We may fail to comply with all applicable laws and regulations relating to our product. We may have to change or adapt our operations in the event of changes in national, regional and local government regulations, taxation, controls and political and economic developments that affect our products and the market for our products; ● We may be unable to accurately estimate anticipated expenses, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 3 Our Organization We are a Nevada corporation, incorporated on January
4, 2016. In January 2016, we acquired Nutriband Ltd, an Irish company which was formed by Gareth Sheridan, our chief executive officer,
in 2012 to enter the health and wellness market by marketing transdermal patches. Our corporate headquarters are located at 121 S. Orange
Ave. Suite 1500, Orlando, Florida 32801, telephone (407) 377-6695. Our website is www.nutriband.com . Information contained on or
available through our website or any other website does not constitute a portion of this prospectus. Recent Financings On October 5, 2021, the Company, having
been approved for the listing of its common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market effective October 1, 2021, consummated a public offering
(the “IPO”) of units (the “Units”), of common stock and warrants that were offered in the IPO on The Nasdaq Capital
Market, which included 1,232,000 (each a “Unit”), each Unit consisting of one share of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, and one warrant (each a “Warrant”) at a price of $5.36 per Unit. Each Warrant is immediately exercisable, will entitle
the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $6.43 and will expire five (5) years from the date of issuance.
The underwriters’ over-allotment option was exercised for 184,800 warrants to purchase shares of common stock bringing to total
net proceeds to the Company from the IPO to $5,836,230. The shares of common stock and Warrants are separately transferred immediately
upon issuance. As of May 5, 2023, 457,795 Warrants issued in the IPO have been exercised, with net proceeds to the Company of $2,942,970. Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company As a company with less than $1.07 billion in revenue
during our last fiscal year, we qualify as an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012, or the J