” section.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will ever be able to discover, develop, obtain regulatory approval of, commercialize or generate significant revenue from any product candidates. Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates is unproven, and we may not be successful in our efforts to use and expand our approach
to build a pipeline of product candidates with commercial value. A key element of our strategy, which is unproven, is to use and expand our
expertise in chemistry, structure-based drug design and patient-driven approach to build a pipeline of product candidates and progress these product candidates through clinical development. Although our research and development efforts to date have
resulted in the discovery and preclinical development of NVL-520 and NVL-655, such product candidates, and any other product candidates we may develop may not be safe or effective as cancer therapeutics, and we may not be able to develop any other
product candidates. For example, we may not be successful in identifying genomic alterations that are oncogenic and are targeted for patient populations that result in sufficient enrollment size or present attractive commercial opportunities. Our
approach is evolving and may not reach a state at which building a pipeline of product candidates is possible. Even if we are successful in building a pipeline of product candidates, the potential product candidates that we identify may not be
suitable for clinical development or generate acceptable clinical data, including as a result of being shown to have unacceptable toxicity or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be product candidates that will receive
marketing approval from the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities or achieve market acceptance. If we do not successfully develop and commercialize product candidates, we will not be able to generate product revenue in the future, which likely
would result in significant harm to our financial position and adversely affect our business. The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA
and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our
business will be substantially harmed. Obtaining approval by the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities is unpredictable,
typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, approval policies, regulations or the type and
amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate’s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions, which may cause delays in the approval or the decision not to approve an
application. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for 24 Table of Contents approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other data. Even if we eventually complete clinical testing and receive approval for our product candidates, the FDA, EMA and other
comparable foreign regulatory authorities may approve our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested or may impose other prescribing limitations or warnings that limit the product
candidate’s commercial potential. Even if approved, we may be required to conduct additional studies to verify or confirm the clinical benefits of our products. We have not submitted for, or obtained, regulatory approval for any product
candidate, and it is possible that none of our product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval. Further, development of our product candidates and/or regulatory approval may be delayed for reasons beyond our control. Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: • the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, implementation or results of our clinical trials; • the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may determine that our product candidates are not safe and effective, are only moderately
effective or have undesirable or unintended adverse events, toxicities or other characteristics that preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use; • the population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we
seek approval; • the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • the clinical data of the clinical trial may fail to meet the level of statistical significance required to obtain approval of our product candidates by the FDA,
EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; • we may be unable to demonstrate to the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate’s risk-benefit ratio for its
proposed indication is acceptable; • the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications or facilities
of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; • the FDA, EMA or other comparable regulatory authorities may fail to approve companion diagnostic tests required for our product candidates; • we may not obtain or maintain adequate funding to complete the clinical trial in a manner that is satisfactory to the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign
regulatory authorities; and • the approval policies or regulations of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our
clinical data insufficient for approval. This lengthy approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of clinical
trials, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. We have no experience as a company in conducting clinical trials. We have no experience as a company in
conducting clinical trials. In part because of this lack of experience as a company and our limited infrastructure, we cannot be certain that our ongoing preclinical studies will be 25 Table of Contents completed on time or that our planned preclinical studies and clinical trials will begin or be completed on time, if at all. Large-scale clinical trials would require significant additional
financial and management resources and reliance on third-party clinical investigators, CROs, and consultants. Relying on third-party clinical investigators, CROs and consultants may force us to encounter delays that are outside of our control. We
may be unable to identify and contract with sufficient investigators, CROs and consultants on a timely basis or at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate and enter into any necessary services agreement with CROs on terms
that are acceptable to us on a timely basis or at all. We may not be able to submit INDs, CTAs or comparable applications to commence clinical
trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA, EMA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority may not permit us to proceed. We have submitted an IND for NVL-520 to the FDA and expect to submit an IND for NVL-655 in support of the initiation of a first-in-human clinical trial in the first half of 2022. However, we may not be able to
submit such IND or INDs for future product candidates on the timelines we expect or such submissions may not take effect on the timeline that we anticipate or at all. For example, we may experience manufacturing delays or other delays with
IND-enabling studies. Moreover, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate clinical trials. Additionally, even if the FDA
agrees with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, we cannot guarantee that it will not change its requirements in the future. These considerations also apply to new clinical trials we may submit as amendments to
existing INDs or to a new IND. Any failure to submit INDs, CTAs or comparable applications on the timelines we expect or to obtain regulatory approvals for our planned clinical trials may prevent us from initiating or completing our clinical trials
or commercializing our product candidates on a timely basis, if at all. Our product candidates may cause significant adverse events, toxicities
or other undesirable adverse events when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs that may result in a safety profile that could prevent regulatory approval, prevent market acceptance, limit their
commercial potential or result in significant negative consequences. If our product candidates are associated with undesirable adverse events or
have unexpected characteristics in preclinical studies or clinical trials when used alone or in combination with other approved products or investigational new drugs we may need to interrupt, delay or abandon their development or limit development
to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable adverse events or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Treatment-related adverse events could also affect p