: An
    investment in our company is highly speculative and involves a significant degree of risk. See “Risk Factors”
    and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding
    to invest in shares of our common stock. Market
    and Trading Symbol: Our
    shares of common stock are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “HJLI” and certain of our warrants
    are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “HJLIW.” There
    is no established trading market for the Warrants being offered and we do not expect a market to develop. In addition, we
    do not intend to apply for the listing of the Warrants on any national securities exchange or other trading market. Without
    an active trading market, the liquidity of the Warrants will be limited. (1) The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding
after this offering is based on 2,252,038 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 16, 2020 and excludes
as of such date: ● 212,622
    shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options with a weighted average exercise price of 
    $31.68 per share; ● 1,512,970 shares of our common stock
    issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants with a weighted average exercise price of  $23.18; ● any additional shares of our common stock reserved for future
    issuance under our equity incentive plan; and ● no
    exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional Shares and/or Warrants. Except
as otherwise indicated herein, all information in this prospectus, including the number of shares that will be outstanding after
this offering, assumes no exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional securities. 7 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together
with the other information appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, including our financial statements, the notes thereto and the
section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” before
deciding to invest in our securities. The occurrence of any of the following risks could have a material and adverse effect on
our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects, as well as our ability to accomplish
our strategic objectives. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your
investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair
our business operations and stock price. Certain
Risks Related to our Business and Strategy We
have incurred significant losses since our inception, expect to incur significant losses in the future and may never achieve or
sustain profitability. We
have historically incurred substantial net losses, including net losses of $7,625,397, $13,042,709, $7,791,469 and $3,387,490
for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As a result of our historical losses, we had an accumulated
deficit of $56,187,925 as of December 31, 2019 and $60,949,408 as of September 30, 2020. Our losses have resulted primarily from
costs related to general and administrative expenses relating to our operations, as well as our research programs and the development
of our product candidates. Currently, we are not generating revenue from operations, and we expect to incur losses for the foreseeable
future as we seek to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. Additionally, we expect that our general and administrative
expenses will increase due to the additional operational and reporting costs associated with being a public company as well as
the projected expansion of our operations. We do not expect to generate significant revenue until any of our product candidates
are licensed or sold, if ever. We may never generate significant revenue or become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability,
we may be unable to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to achieve and subsequently
sustain profitability could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We
currently depend entirely on the successful and timely regulatory approval and commercialization of our two product candidates,
which may not receive regulatory approval or, if any of our product candidates do receive regulatory approval, we may not be able
to successfully commercialize them. We
currently have two lead product candidates (the CoreoGraft and the VenoValve) and our business presently depends entirely on our
ability to license and/or sell our products to larger medical device companies. In order for our product candidates to succeed
the products need to be approved by regulatory authorities, which may never happen. Our product candidates are based on technologies
that have not been used previously in the manner we propose. Market acceptance of our product candidates will largely depend on
our ability to demonstrate their relative safety, efficacy, cost-effectiveness and ease of use. We may not be able to successfully
develop and commercialize our product candidates. If we fail to do so, we will not be able to generate substantial revenues, if
any. We
are subject to rigorous and extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and by comparable agencies in other jurisdictions,
including the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, in the European Union, or EU. Our product candidates are currently in development
and we have not received FDA approval for our product candidates. Our product candidates may not be marketed in the United States
until they have been approved by the FDA and may not be marketed in other jurisdictions until they have received approval from
the appropriate foreign regulatory agencies. Each product candidate requires significant research, development, preclinical testing
and extensive clinical investigation before submission of any regulatory application for marketing approval. 8 Obtaining
regulatory approval requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we may not be able to obtain approval of any
of our product candidates on a timely basis, or at all. The number, size, design and focus of preclinical and clinical trials
that will be required for approval by the FDA, the EMA or any other foreign regulatory agency varies depending on the device,
the disease or condition that the product candidates are designed to address and the regulations applicable to any particular
products. Preclinical and clinical data can be interpreted in different ways, which could delay, limit or preclude regulatory
approval. The FDA, the EMA and other foreign regulatory agencies can delay, limit or deny approval of a product for many reasons,
including, but not limited to: ● a
    product candidate may not be shown to be safe or effective; ● the
    clinical and other benefits of a product candidate may not outweigh its safety risks; ● clinical
    trial results may be negative or inconclusive, or adverse medical events may occur during a clinical trial; ● the
    results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by regulatory agencies for approval; ● regulatory
    agencies may interpret data from pre-clinical and clinical trials in different ways than we do; ● regulatory
    agencies may not approve the manufacturing process or determine that the manufacturing is not in accordance with current good
    manufacturing practices, or cGMPs; ● a
    product candidate may fail to comply with regulatory requirements; and/or ● regulatory
    agencies might change their approval policies or adopt new regulations. If
our product candidates are not approved at all or quickly enough to provide net revenues to defray our operating expenses, our
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be harmed. If
we are unable to successfully raise additional capital, our future clinical trials and product development could be limited and
our long-term viability may be threatened. We
have experienced negative operating cash flows since our inception and have funded our operations primarily from proceeds received
from sales of our capital stock, the issuance of the convertible and non-convertible notes, and the sale of our products to larger
medical device companies. We will need to seek additional funds in the future through equity or debt financings, or strategic
alliances with third parties, either alone or in combination with equity financings to complete our product development initiatives.
These financings could result in substantial dilution to the holders of our common stock, or require contractual or other restrictions
on our operations or on alternatives that may be available to us. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these
debt securities could impose significant restrictions on our operations. Any such required financing may not be available in amounts
or on terms acceptable to us, and the failure to procure such required financing could have a material and adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations, or threaten our ability to continue as a going concern. Our
present and future capital requirements will be significant and will depend on many factors, including: ● the
    progress and results of our development efforts for our product candidates; ● the
    costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; ● the
    costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property
    rights and defending any intellectual property-related claims; ● the
    effect of competing technological and mark