—Risks Related to Our Businesses.” QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices as well as credit risk, each of which could impact our Combined Financial Statements.  We generally address our exposure to these risks through our normal operating activities. Currency Exchange Rate Risk We face transactional exchange rate risk from transactions with customers in countries outside the United States and from intercompany transactions between affiliates.  Transactional exchange rate risk arises from the purchase and sale of goods and services in currencies other than our functional currency or the functional currency of our applicable subsidiary.  We also face translational exchange rate risk related to the translation of financial statements of our foreign operations into U.S. dollars, our functional currency.  Costs incurred and sales recorded by subsidiaries operating outside of the United States are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period.  As a result, we are exposed to movements in the exchange rates of various currencies against the U.S. dollar.  In particular, we have more sales in European currencies than we have expenses in those currencies.  Therefore, when European currencies strengthen or weaken against the U.S. dollar, operating profits are increased or decreased, respectively.  The effect of a change in currency exchange rates on our net investment in international subsidiaries is reflected in the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of Parent’s equity. We have generally accepted the exposure to exchange rate movements without using derivative financial instruments to manage this risk.  Both positive and negative movements in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar will therefore continue to affect the reported amount of sales and net earnings in our Combined Financial Statements.  In addition, we have assets and liabilities held in foreign currencies.  A 10% depreciation in major currencies relative to the U.S. dollar as of March 29, 2019 and December 31, 2018 would have reduced Parent’s equity by approximately $200 million and $214 million , respectively. Credit Risk We are exposed to potential credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to our financial instruments.  Financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk primarily consist of receivables from customers.  For additional information on our credit risk from customers, please refer to the section entitled “Business.” Our businesses perform credit evaluations of our customers’ financial conditions as appropriate and also obtain collateral or other security when appropriate. Commodity Price Risk For a discussion of risks relating to commodity prices, refer to “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Businesses.” 79 Table of Contents -------------- CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Combined Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP.  The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  We base these estimates and judgments on historical experience, the current economic environment and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results may differ materially from these estimates and judgments. We believe the following accounting estimates are most critical to an understanding of our financial statements.  Estimates are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and (2) material changes in the estimate are reasonably likely from period-to-period.  For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting estimates, refer to Note 2 to the audited Combined Financial Statements. Acquired Intangibles —Our business acquisitions typically result in the recognition of goodwill, in-process R&D and other intangible assets, which affect the amount of future period amortization expense and possible impairment charges that we may incur.  Refer to Notes 2, 4 and 7 to the audited Combined Financial Statements for a description of our policies relating to goodwill, acquired intangibles and acquisitions. In performing our goodwill impairment testing, we estimate the fair value of our reporting units primarily using a market-based approach.  In evaluating the estimates derived by the market-based approach, management makes judgments about the relevance and reliability of the multiples by considering factors unique to our reporting units, including operating results, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, and transactions and marketplace data as well as judgments about the comparability of the market proxies selected.  In certain circumstances, we will also estimate fair value utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis (i.e., an income approach) in order to validate the results of the market approach.  The discounted cash flow model requires judgmental assumptions about projected sales growth, future operating margins, discount rates and terminal values.  There are inherent uncertainties related to these assumptions and management’s judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. As of December 31, 2018 , we had three reporting units for goodwill impairment testing.  Reporting units resulting from recent acquisitions generally present the highest risk of impairment.  Management believes the impairment risk associated with these reporting units generally decreases as these businesses are integrated and better positioned for potential future earnings growth.  Our annual goodwill impairment analysis in 2018 indicated that in all instances, the fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values and consequently did not result in an impairment charge.  The excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of our reporting units as of the annual testing date ranged from approximately 15% to approximately 155% .  In order to evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations used in the goodwill impairment test, we applied a hypothetical 10% decrease to the fair values of each reporting unit and compared those hypothetical values to the reporting unit carrying values.  Based on this hypothetical 10% decrease, the excess of the estimated fair value over carrying value (expressed as a percentage of carrying value for the respective reporting unit) for each of our reporting units ranged from approximately 5% to approximately 130% . We review identified intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable.  We also test intangible assets with indefinite lives at least annually for impairment.  Determining whether an impairment loss occurred requires a comparison of the carrying amount to the sum of undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.  These analyses require management to make judgments and estimates about future sales, expenses, market conditions and discount rates related to these assets. If actual results are not consistent with management’s estimates and assumptions, goodwill and other intangible assets may be overstated and a charge would need to be taken against net earnings which would adversely affect our Combined Financial Statements.  Historically, our estimates of goodwill and intangible assets have been materially correct. Contingent Liabilities —As discussed in Note 14 to the audited Combined Financial Statements, we are, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and similar contingent liabilities incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities).  We recognize a liability for any contingency that is known or probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable.  These assessments require judgments concerning matters such as litigation developments and outcomes, the anticipated outcome of negotiations, the number of future claims and the cost of both pending and future claims.  In addition, because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, liabilities may change in the future due to various factors, including those discussed in Note 14 to the audited Combined Financial Statements.  If the reserves we established with respect to these contingent liabilities are inadequate, we would be required to incur an expense equal to the amount of the loss incurred in excess of the reserves, which would adversely affect our financial statements. 80 Table of Contents -------------- Revenue Recognition —On January 1, 2018, we adopted ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606 ), which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance.  Refer to Note 3 to the audited Combined Financial Statements and Note 2 to the unaudited Combined Financial Statements for additional information on our adoption of this ASU. We derive revenues from the sale of products and services to customers, which includes end-users and distributors.  Revenue is recognized when control over the promised products or services is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services.  In determining if control has transferred, we consider whether certain indicators of the transfer of control are present, such as the transfer of titl