to our business being harmed will include harm to our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. In such event, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a limited operating history at the current scale of our business and are still scaling up our monetization efforts, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and there is no assurance we will be able to scale our business for future growth. We commenced operating the Nextdoor platform in 2011 and began supporting the platform with advertising in 2016. Our limited operating history at the current scale of our business may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects. We have encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly evolving industries, including challenges in accurate financial planning and forecasting, increasing competition and expenses as we continue to grow our business, and our ability to achieve market acceptance of our platform and attract, engage and retain users, who we call “neighbors” (which includes individuals) and organizations (which includes businesses and public agencies, including paying customers such as advertisers). You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties that we may encounter as a business with a limited operating history. We cannot ensure that we will be successful in addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future, and our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected if we do not manage these risks successfully. We may not be able to maintain our current rate of growth, which is a risk characteristic often shared by companies with limited operating histories participating in rapidly evolving industries. Additionally, we are still in the early stages of monetizing our platform. Our growth strategy depends on, among other things, increasing neighbors on the network, increasing engagement, developing new and improving existing products for neighbors and organizations, attracting more advertisers (including expanding our sales efforts to reach advertisers in additional international markets), scaling our business with existing advertisers, and delivering targeted advertisements based on neighbors’ personal taste and interests. There can be no assurance that we will successfully increase monetization on our platform or that we will sustain or increase the current growth rate of our revenue. We currently generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. If advertisers reduce or eliminate their spending with us, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely impacted. Substantially all of our revenue is currently generated from the sales of advertising on our platform in the form of online display advertisements, which include sponsored posts, local deals, and neighborhood sponsorships. Our advertisers typically do not have long-term advertising spend commitments with us. Many of our advertisers spend only a relatively small portion of their overall advertising budget with us. In addition, advertisers may view some of the features on our platform as experimental and unproven. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us, or they will reduce the prices they are willing to pay to advertise with us, if we do not deliver advertisements in an effective manner, or if advertisers do not believe that their investment in advertising with us will generate a 9 competitive return relative to alternatives. Our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately generate revenue, may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including but not limited to: • decreases in neighbor and advertiser engagement on the platform; • slower than anticipated growth in, or lack of growth or decreases in, the number of neighbors on the platform; • platform changes (such as the migration to our proprietary ad server) or inventory management decisions that change the size, format, frequency, or relative prominence of advertisements displayed on the platform; • competitors offering more attractive pricing for advertisements that we are unable or unwilling to match; • a decrease in the quantity or quality of advertisements shown to neighbors; • changes to third-party policies or applications that limit our ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of advertising, including changes by mobile operating system and browser providers such as Apple and Google; • changes to demographics of our neighbors that make us less attractive to advertisers; • neighbors that upload content or take other actions that are deemed to be hostile, inappropriate, illicit, objectionable, illegal, or otherwise not consistent with the brand of our advertisers; • adverse government actions or legislative, regulatory, or other legal developments; • neighbor behavior or changes to the platform that may affect, among other things, the safety and security of other neighbors or the cultivation of a positive and inclusive online community; • adverse media reports or other negative publicity involving us; • implementing or enforcing policies, such as advertising policies, community guidelines, and other terms or service that are perceived negatively by advertisers; • our ability to develop and improve our products for advertisers; • limitations in, or reductions to, the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that are intended to demonstrate the value of our advertisements to advertisers; • changes to our data privacy practices that affect the type or manner of advertising that we are able to provide, including as a result of changes to laws, regulations or regulatory actions, such as the European General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR ”), European ePrivacy Directive, UK General Data Protection Regulation (“ UK GDPR ”), UK Data Protection Act 2018, California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”), the California Privacy Rights Act (“ CPRA ”), and other newly enacted U.S. state privacy laws, or changes to third-party policies; and • the impact of macroeconomic conditions, whether in the advertising industry in general, among specific types of advertisers or within particular geographies. From time to time, certain of these factors have adversely affected our revenue to varying degrees. For example, during the second quarter of 2020, advertisers reduced their advertising spend with us as a result of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global macroeconomic conditions and on the advertising industry in general. The occurrence of any of these or other factors in the future could result in a reduction in demand for our advertisements, which may reduce the prices we receive for our advertisements, or cause advertisers to stop or reduce their spend with us, either of which would negatively affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Similar occurrences in the future may impair our ability to maintain or increase the quantity or quality of advertisements shown to neighbors and adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 10 Our ability to attract and retain advertisers depends on our ability to collect and use data and develop products to enable us to effectively deliver and accurately measure advertisements on the Nextdoor platform. Most advertisers rely on tools that measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns in order to allocate their advertising spend among various formats and platforms. If we are unable to accurately measure the effectiveness of advertising on our platform, if at all, or if we are unable to convince advertisers that our platform should be part of a larger advertising budget, our ability to increase the demand and pricing of our advertising tools and maintain or scale our revenue may be limited or decline. Our ability to develop and offer products that accurately measure the effectiveness of a campaign on our platform is critical to our ability to attract new advertisers and retain, and increase spend from, our existing advertisers. We are continually developing and improving our products for advertisers and such efforts have and are likely to continue to require significant time and resources and additional investment, and in some cases we have relied on, and may in the future rely on, third parties to provide data and technology needed to provide certain measurement data to our advertisers. If we cannot continue to develop and improve our products for advertisers in a timely fashion, those products are not reliable, or the measurement results are inconsistent with advertiser’s expectations or goals, our revenue could be adversely affected. In addition, web and mobile browser developers, such as Apple, Microsoft or Google, have implemented and may continue to implement changes, including requiring additional user permissions, in their browser or device operating system that impair our ability to measure and improve the effectiveness of advertising on our platform. Such changes include limiting the use of first-party and third-party cookies and related tracking technologies, such as mobile advertising identifiers, and other changes that limit our ability to collect information that allows us to attribute neighbors’ actions on advertisers’ websites to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns run on our platform. For example, Apple launched its Intelligent Tracking Prevention (“ ITP ”) feature in its Safari browser. ITP blocks some or all third-party cookies by default on mobile and desktop and ITP has become increasingly restrictive over time. Apple’s related Privacy-Preserving Ad Click attribution, i