” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Orchestra” and the financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The Company We are a biomedical innovation company accelerating high-impact technologies to patients through risk-reward sharing partnerships with leading medical device companies. Our partnership-enabled business model focuses on forging strategic collaborations with leading medical device companies to drive successful global commercialization of products we develop. We are led by a highly accomplished, multidisciplinary management team and a board of directors with extensive experience in all phases of therapeutic device development. Our business was formed in 2018 by assembling a pipeline of multiple late-stage clinical product candidates originally developed by our founding team. Our flagship product candidates are BackBeat Cardiac Neuromodulation Therapy (“BackBeat CNT”) for the treatment of hypertension (“HTN”), the leading risk factor for death worldwide, and Virtue Sirolimus AngioInfusion Balloon (“Virtue SAB”) for the treatment of atherosclerotic artery disease, the leading cause of mortality worldwide. We have a strategic collaboration with Medtronic Plc (“Medtronic”) for the development and commercialization of BackBeat CNT for the treatment of hypertension in patients indicated for a pacemaker. We have a strategic collaboration with Terumo Corporation and its U.S. subsidiary Terumo Medical Corporation (collectively, “Terumo”) for the development and commercialization of Virtue SAB for the treatment of coronary and peripheral artery disease. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination, HSAC2 completed the Domestication and Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Orchestra, with Legacy Orchestra as the surviving company in the Merger and, after giving effect to the Merger, continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of HSAC2. In addition, as part of the Domestication, the Company’s name was changed from “Health Sciences Acquisitions Corporation 2” to “Orchestra BioMed Holdings, Inc.” Our Common Stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “OBIO.” The mailing address of our principal executive office is 150 Union Square Drive, New Hope, PA 18938. Our telephone number is (215) 862-5797. For additional information about us, please see the sections of this prospectus titled “ Business ” and “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .” See the section titled “ Risk Factors ” in this prospectus for a discussion of some of the risks related to the execution of our business strategy. Recent Developments On September 19, 2023, we announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) granted us IDE approval to initiate our planned B radyc A rdia pa C ema K er with atrioventricular interval modulation for B lood pr E ssure tre A tmen T pivotal study (the “BACKBEAT pivotal study”) of BackBeat CNT, also known as Atrioventricular Interval Modulation (“AVIM”) therapy, to treat hypertension in patients indicated for a pacemaker. We currently expect to initiate enrollment of the BACKBEAT pivotal study before the end of 2023 following completion of clinical trial initiation activities, including clinical center Institutional Review Board approvals. On August 8, 2023, we announced that the FDA granted us investigational device exemption approval with conditions to initiate our planned Virtue ISR-US pivotal study evaluating the efficacy and safety of Virtue SAB for the treatment of patients with coronary in-stent restenosis (“ISR”). The conditional approval permits us to initiate enrollment of the Virtue ISR-US pivotal study following completion of clinical trial initiation activities, including clinical center Institutional Review Board approvals. We are also required to submit additional information to the FDA. As previously disclosed, we and Terumo have been negotiating mutually agreeable adjustments to our current agreement that could serve to restructure milestone payments as well as make other potential material modifications to that agreement. Until we gain 1 Table of Contents clarity on the likely outcome of such ongoing negotiations, our current expectation is that the initiation of the Virtue ISR-US pivotal study will be postponed until 2024. If negotiations are not completed to our satisfaction or to the satisfaction of Terumo, clinical study, product development, and commercialization plans for Virtue SAB may continue to be adversely impacted. On October 6, 2023, the Company terminated and repaid the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement (as defined below). In connection with the repayment and termination, the Company repaid $10 million of principal and issued warrants to purchase 27,707 shares of Company Common Stock at an exercise price of $7.67 per share in lieu of a cash payment of approximately $212,500 due with respect to certain fees under the 2022 Loan and Security Agreement. The Company also paid approximately $849,000 of net interest, prepayment fees, and legal fees. Emerging Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of the initial public offering of HSAC2 (or December 31, 2026), (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.235 billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our Common Stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year, or (4) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. We are also a “smaller reporting company” as defined in the Exchange Act. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company even after we are no longer an emerging growth company. We may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as (i) the market value of our voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or (ii)(a) our annual revenue is less than $100.0 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and (b) the market value of our voting and non-voting Common Stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700.0 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. 2 Table of Contents Summary of Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Products ● We have a history of net losses, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. If we ever achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. ● If we do not achieve our projected development and commercialization goals, our business may be harmed. ● The clinical study process required to obtain regulatory approvals or certifications carries substantial risks and is lengthy and expensive with uncertain outcomes. If our clinical studies are unsuccessful or significantly delayed, or if we do not complete our clinical studies, our business may be harmed. ● Even if we obtain all necessary FDA approvals, our product candidates may not achieve or maintain market acceptance and may be subject to additional regulatory requirements post-approval. ● We may be unable to compete successfully with larger companies in our highly competitive industry. ● Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes o