both internal and external to us.  Such qualitative factors include current local economic conditions and trends including unemployment, changes in lending staff, policies and procedures, changes in credit concentrations, changes in the trends and severity of problem loans and changes in trends in volume and terms of loans.  These qualitative factors serve to compensate for additional areas of uncertainty inherent in the portfolio that are not reflected in our historic loss factors.  For purposes of determining the general reserve, the loan portfolio, government guaranteed loans and impaired loans, is multiplied by our adjusted historical loss rate. 87 The second component of the allowance for loan losses is the specific reserve.  If a specific allocation is warranted, it is generally the result of an analysis of a classified credit or relationship.  Typically, when it becomes evident through the payment history or a financial statement review that a loan or relationship is no longer supported by the cash flows of the asset and/or the borrower and has become collateral dependent, we will use third-party appraisals or other collateral analysis to determine if collateral impairment has occurred.  Depending on the collateral type, third-party appraisals may utilize the cost, market and/or income approaches to determine fair value.  When current third-party appraisals are not obtained due to feasibility or practicality, in-house evaluations are performed.  These analyses take into account factors such as collateral type, age of the property, income production, disposal costs, the current market and/or other relevant factors.  If the analysis indicates that impairment has occurred, then a specific allocation will be allocated for this loan.  When our existing appraisal is outdated or the collateral has been subject to significant market changes, if practical, we will obtain a new appraisal for the impairment analysis.  Cash flow available to service debt is used for non-collateral dependent impaired loans.  This analysis is performed each quarter in connection with the preparation of the analysis of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses and if necessary, adjustments will be made to the specific allocation provided for a particular loan. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due.  Impaired loans include nonperforming loans and loans modified in troubled debt restructurings, or TDRs.  TDRs are loans for which the contractual terms on the loan have been modified and both of the following conditions exist: (1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and (2) the restructuring constitutes a concession.  Concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions intended to maximize collection.  We assess all loan modifications to determine whether they constitute a TDR.  All TDRs are considered impaired loans.  Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan basis by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, the loan’s obtainable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired.  Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower’s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Delinquency statistics are updated at least monthly and are the most meaningful indicator of the credit quality of one-to-four single family residential, home equity loans and lines of credit and other consumer loans.  Internal risk ratings are considered the most meaningful indicator of credit quality for commercial and industrial, construction, and commercial real estate loans.  Internal risk ratings are a key factor in identifying loans that are individually evaluated for impairment and impact management’s estimates of loss factors used in determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses.  Internal risk ratings are updated on a continuous basis. Loans Held for Sale .  Loans held for sale consist of certain mortgage loans originated and intended for sale in the secondary market and are carried at estimated fair value on an individual loan basis.  Net unrealized losses, if any, are recognized through a valuation allowance by charges to income.  We obtain purchase commitments from secondary market investors prior to closing the loans to reduce market risk on mortgage loans in the process of origination and mortgage loans held for sale, and we are required to substitute another loan or buy back the commitment if the original loan does not fund.  These commitments are derivative instruments carried at fair value. Gains and losses on sales of loans held for sale are based on the difference between the selling price and the carrying value of the related loan sold.  Fees received from borrowers to guarantee the funding of mortgage loans held for sale are recognized as income or expense when the loans are sold or when it becomes evident that the commitment will not be used. 88 Mortgage Servicing Rights and Transfers of Financial Assets. Gains or losses on "servicing-retained" loan sale transactions generally include a servicing fee component.  The present value of the estimated future profit for servicing the loans is also taken into account in determining the amount of gain or loss on the sale of these loans.  For loans sold servicing-retained, the fair value of mortgage servicing rights is recorded as an asset, with their value estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology to arrive at the present value of future expected earnings from the servicing of the loans.  Significant model inputs include prepayment speeds, discount rates, and servicing costs.  Servicing revenues are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal and are recorded as income when earned. Loans sold into the secondary market are considered transfers of financial assets.  These transfers are accounted for as sales when control over the asset has been surrendered, which is deemed to have occurred when: an asset does not have any claims to it by the transferor or their creditors, including in bankruptcy or other receivership situations; the transferee obtains the unconditional right to pledge or exchange the asset; or the transfer does not include a repurchase provision above the limited recourse provisions of these loan sales. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. All derivatives are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting.  Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges.  Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges.  Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge.  During the term of the hedge contract the effective portion of changes in fair value in the derivative instrument are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.  Changes in the fair value of derivatives to which hedge accounting does not apply are recognized immediately in earnings. Income Tax Accounting .  We estimate our income taxes for each period for which a statement of income is presented.  This involves estimating our actual current tax exposure, as well as assessing temporary differences resulting from differing timing of recognition of expenses, income and tax credits for tax and accounting purposes.  These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our consolidated balance sheets.  We actively participate in tax credit generating investments and accrue any credits in excess of taxes owed for the life of the carryforward period or until offset by eligible income taxes.  We must also assess the likelihood that any deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent that recovery is not likely, a valuation allowance must be established.  Significant management judgment is required in determining income tax expense and deferred tax assets and liabilities. Recent Accounting Pronouncements ASU No. 2018-02, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. The amendments in this update allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the T