Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with
all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks are realized, our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates We have a short operating history developing clinical-stage regenerative medicine products and there is a limited amount of information about us upon which you can evaluate our product candidates
and business prospects, making an investment in our common stock unsuitable for many investors. We are a clinical-stage regenerative
medicine company, formed in 2000, with a limited operating history. Since inception we have devoted substantially all of our resources to the development of our regenerative medicine platform, the clinical and preclinical advancement of our product
candidates, the creation, licensing and protection of related intellectual property rights and the provision of general and administrative support for these operations. We have not yet obtained regulatory approval for any product candidates in any
jurisdiction or generated any significant revenues from product sales. If NeoCart or any of our future product candidates fails in clinical trials or preclinical development, or does not gain regulatory approval, or if our product candidates
following regulatory approval, if any, do not achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable or sustain profitability. We
commenced our first clinical trial in 2005, and we have a limited operating history developing clinical-stage regenerative medicine products upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. In addition, we have never conducted clinical trials
of a size required for regulatory approvals. Further, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, such as regenerative
medicine. For example, to execute our current business plan we will need to successfully: • execute our research and development strategies, including successfully completing our clinical trial program for NeoCart; • complete the transition of the NeoCart raw material manufacturing process to our in-house facilities and satisfy the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) as to the comparability of such raw materials to those manufactured by third parties for use in our NeoCart clinical trials; • obtain required regulatory approvals for the commercialization of NeoCart; • manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to clinical trials, regulatory approvals, manufacturing and commercialization; • continue to build and maintain a strong intellectual property portfolio; • build and maintain appropriate research and development, clinical, sales, manufacturing, financial reporting, distribution and marketing capabilities
on our own or through third parties; • secure additional funding as may be needed; • gain broad market acceptance for our product candidates; and • develop and maintain successful strategic relationships. If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing any of these objectives, we may not be able to develop product candidates, raise capital, expand our business or continue our operations. 9 Table of Contents We have incurred significant losses since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur
substantial losses for the next several years. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception, including net losses of
$16.9 million in 2012, $25.7 million in 2013 and $11.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2014. As of June 30, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we had an accumulated deficit of $122.5 million and $110.8 million, respectively. We
expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the next several years, and we expect these losses to increase as we continue our development of and seek regulatory approval for, NeoCart and our future product candidates. In addition, if we
receive regulatory approval to market NeoCart or any of our future product candidates, we will incur additional losses as we scale our manufacturing operations and build an internal sales and marketing organization to commercialize any approved
products. In addition, we expect our expenditures to increase as we add infrastructure and personnel to support our operations as a public company. We anticipate that our net losses and accumulated deficit for the next several years will be
significant as we conduct our planned operations. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with regenerative medicine
product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of the development and clinical expenses or when, or if we will be able to achieve, or maintain, profitability. In addition, our expenses could increase if we are required
by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to perform preclinical or clinical studies or trials in addition to those currently expected, or if there are any delays in completing the technology transfer and manufacturing location
transition of our NeoCart raw material manufacturing process or completing our clinical trials or the development of NeoCart or our future product candidates. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the amount and timing of our
expenses, our ability to generate revenue and our ability to raise additional capital. These net losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and working capital. We may require substantial additional funding, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not available, may require
us to delay, reduce or cease our product development activities and operations. We are currently advancing our lead product candidate
NeoCart through clinical development. Developing regenerative medicine products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is expensive. In addition to the net proceeds of this offering, we may require substantial additional
capital in order to complete the clinical development of, create additional manufacturing capacity and to commercialize NeoCart and to conduct the research and development and clinical and regulatory activities necessary to bring other product
candidates to market. If the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities require that we perform additional preclinical studies or clinical trials at any point or expand or extend our current trials, our expenses would further increase beyond
what we currently expect, and the anticipated timing of any future clinical development activities and potential regulatory approvals will likely be delayed. Raising funds in the then-current economic environment may be difficult and additional
funding may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. The amount and timing of our future near-term funding requirements will depend
on many factors, including: • the scope, progress, expansion, costs and results of our NeoCart clinical trials; • the timing of and costs associated with obtaining FDA approval of the comparability of the NeoCart raw materials manufactured in our facilities with
the raw materials that were manufactured by third parties for the use in our NeoCart clinical trials; • the timing of and costs involved in obtaining NeoCart regulatory approvals; • market acceptance of NeoCart following the receipt of regulatory approval, if any; • the costs of maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio, including potential litigation costs and liabilities associated
therewith; • the resources we devote to marketing and, if approved, commercializing NeoCart; 10 Table of Contents • the scope, progress, expansion and costs of manufacturing NeoCart; • our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems, as we become a public company; • the amount of funds we receive in this offering; and • the costs associated with being a public company. Many of these factors are outside of our control. Upon the completion of this offering, based upon our currently expected level of operating expenditures, we believe that we will be able to fund our
operations and sustain currently projected cash needs through at least the end of 2017. Our expectations are based on management’s current assumptions and clinical development plans, which may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available
financial resources much faster than we currently expect. This period could be shortened if there are any unanticipated increases in spending on development programs. In addition, the expected net proceeds from this offering will not be sufficient
to complete the advanced clinical development of all of our product candidates that would be necessary to support an application for regulatory approval. Accordingly, we will continue to require substantial additional capital beyond the expected
proceeds of this offering. In order to fund our future needs, we may seek additional funding through equity or debt financings, development partnering arrangements, lines of credit or other sources. If we are required to secure additional financing, the fundraising efforts may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely
affect our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acce