– Risks Relating to the Offering – Our failure to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley or to prevent or detect material misstatements in our
annual or interim consolidated financial statements in the future could result in inaccurate financial reporting, sanctions or securities litigation or otherwise harm our business.” We may
in the future identify further material weaknesses in our control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, material weaknesses may exist when we report on the effectiveness of our
internal control over financing reporting for purposes of our attestation required by reporting
requirements under the Exchange Act or Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley
after this offering. The existence of one or more material weaknesses precludes a conclusion
that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. Such conclusion would be
required to be disclosed in our future Annual Reports on Form 10-K and may impact the accuracy and
timing of our financial reporting and the reliability of our internal
control over financial reporting. Inflation Our
results have operations have not been, and we do not expect them to
be, materially affected by inflation. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk Market risk
is the risk of loss related to changes in market prices, including interest rates,
foreign exchange rates and commodity pricing that may adversely impact our
consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Foreign
Exchange Risk. We face minimal exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Our foreign
currency losses for all reporting periods have been nominal. Interest
Rate Risk. As of June 30, 2007, $6.7 million of our $10.7 million of outstanding debt was at floating
interest rates. An increase of 1.0% in the prime rate would result in an increase in our interest
expense of approximately $67,000 per year. Commodity
Price Risk. We are exposed to certain commodity price risks associated with our purchases of raw
materials, most significantly our aluminum. We attempt to mitigate commodity price fluctuation for
our aluminum through six- to 12-month forward fixed-price, minimum quantity purchase commitments. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon
our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of our consolidated financial
statements requires us to make certain estimates and judgments that affect our reported assets,
liabilities, revenue and expenses, and our related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
We re-evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including those related to revenue recognition,
inventory valuation, the collectibility of receivables, stock-based compensation and income taxes.
We base our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. A summary of
our critical accounting policies is set forth below. 54 Table of Contents Revenue
Recognition. We recognize revenue when the following criteria have been met: there is persuasive evidence
of an arrangement; delivery has occurred and title has passed to the customer; the price is fixed
and determinable and no further obligation exists; and collectibility is reasonably assured. The
majority of
our revenue is recognized when products are shipped to a customer or when services are
completed and acceptance provisions, if any, have been met. In certain of our contracts, we provide multiple
deliverables. We record the revenue associated with each element of these arrangements based on
its fair value, which is generally the price charged for the element when sold on a standalone
basis. Since we contract with vendors for
installation services to our customers, we determine the fair value of our installation services
based on negotiated pricing with such vendors. Additionally, we offer
a sales program under which we finance the customer’s purchase.
Our contracts under this sales program are typically one year in duration and, at the completion of the initial one-year
term, provide for (i) four automatic one-year renewals at agreed upon pricing; (ii) an early buyout
for cash; or (iii) the return of the equipment at the customer’s expense. Upon completion of the
installation, we sell the future lease cash flows and residual rights to the equipment on a
non-recourse basis to an unrelated third party finance company in exchange for cash and future
payments. We recognize revenue based on the net present value of the future payments from the
third party finance company upon completion of the project. Deferred revenue or deferred costs are recorded for project sales consisting of multiple
elements, where the criteria for revenue recognition have not been met. The majority of our
deferred revenue relates to prepaid services to be provided at determined future dates. As of June
30, 2006 and 2007, our deferred revenue was $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively. In the
event that a customer project contains multiple elements that are not sold on a standalone basis,
we defer all related revenue and costs until the project is complete. Deferred costs on product are
recorded as a current asset as project completions occur within
a few months. As of June 30, 2006
and 2007, our deferred costs were $0.4 million and $0.3 million, respectively. Inventories. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market value and include raw materials, work in
process and finished goods. Items are removed from inventory using the first-in, first-out method.
Work in process inventories are comprised of raw materials that have been converted into components
for final assembly. Inventory amounts include the cost to manufacture the item, such as the cost of
raw materials and related freight, labor and other applied overhead costs. We review our inventory
for obsolescence and marketability. If the estimated market value, which is based upon assumptions
about future demand and market conditions, falls below cost, then the inventory value is reduced to
its market value. Our inventory obsolescence reserves were $0.4 million, $0.4 million and $0.5
million at March 31, 2006, March 31, 2007 and June 30, 2007, respectively. Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts. We perform ongoing evaluations of our customers and continuously monitor collections and
payments and estimate an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon the aging of the underlying
receivables, our historical experience with write-offs and specific customer collection issues that
we have identified. While such credit losses have historically been within our expectations, and we
believe appropriate reserves have been established, we may not adequately predict future credit
losses. If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate and result in an impairment
of their ability to make payments, additional allowances might be required which would result in
additional general and administrative expense in the period such determination is made. Our
allowance for doubtful accounts 55 Table of Contents was $38,000, $0.1 million and $0.1 million at March 31, 2006, March
31, 2007 and June 30, 2007, respectively. Stock-Based
Compensation . We have historically issued stock options to our employees, executive officers and directors.
Prior to April 1, 2006, we accounted for these option grants under the recognition and measurement
principles of Accounting Principles Board, or APB, Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees , and related interpretations, and applied the disclosure provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation , as
amended by SFAS No. 148, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation – Transition and Disclosure – an
Amendment of Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Statement No. 123 . This accounting
treatment resulted in a pro forma stock option expense that was reported in the footnotes to our
consolidated financial statements for those years. For options granted prior to April 1, 2006, we recorded stock-based compensation expense,
typically associated with options granted to employees, executive officers or directors, based upon
the difference, if any, between the estimated fair market value of common stock underlying the
options on the date of grant and the option exercise price. For
purposes of establishing the exercise price of options granted prior
to April 1, 2006 our compensation committee and board of
directors used (i) known independent
third-party sales of our common stock and (ii) the per share prices at which we issued shares of our
common and preferred stock to third-party investors. In fiscal 2006, in accordance with APB No. 25, we
recognized $33,000 of stock-based compensation expense, excluding the $0.5 million compensation
charge associated with a director’s exercise of a stock option with a full recourse below market
interest rate promissory note. In fiscal 2005, no stock-based
compensation expense was recognized. 56 Table of Contents Effective
April 1, 2006, we adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment ,
which requires us to expense the estimated fair value of employee stock options and similar awards
based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. We adopted
SFAS 123(R) using the modified
prospective method. Under this transition method, compensation cost recognized for fiscal 2007
included the current period’s cost for all stock options granted prior to, but not yet vested as
of, April 1, 2006. This cost was based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance with
the original provisions of SF