” section could result in our actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material. Our financial results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. We expect our revenue and operating results to vary from quarter to quarter. We may incur significant operating expenses during the start-up and early stages of large contracts and may not be able to recognize corresponding revenue in that same quarter. We may also incur additional expenses when contracts are terminated or expire and are not renewed. Additional factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include those addressed elsewhere in this “Risk Factors” section and the following factors, among others: • the terms of customer contracts that affect the timing of revenue recognition; ​ • variability in demand for our services and solutions; ​ • commencement, completion, or termination of contracts during any particular quarter; ​ • timing of shipments and product deliveries; ​ • timing of award or performance incentive fee notices; ​ • timing of significant bid and proposal costs; ​ • the costs of remediating unknown defects, errors, or performance problems of our product offerings; ​ • variable purchasing patterns under blanket purchase agreements and other indefinite delivery/ indefinite quantity contracts; ​ • restrictions on and delays related to the export of nuclear articles and services; ​ • costs related to government inquiries, regulatory investigations or interactions, or litigation; ​ • strategic decisions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs and joint ventures; ​ • strategic investments or changes in business strategy; ​ • changes in the extent to which we use subcontractors; ​ • seasonal fluctuations in our staff utilization rates; ​ • changes in our effective tax rate, including changes in our judgment as to the necessity of the valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets; and ​ • the length of sales cycles. ​ Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our Common Stock. Securities research analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for us. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our share price 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, our share price or trading volume could decline. Moreover, if certain analysts fail to commence coverage of us, the market price and volume for our Common Stock could be adversely affected. Risks Related to the Offering and Ownership of our Common Stock Our Board has broad discretion to issue additional securities, and in order to raise sufficient funds to expand our operations, we may have to issue securities at prices which may result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. We are entitled under certificate of incorporation to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, although these amounts may change in the future subject to stockholder approval. Shares of our preferred stock provide our Board broad authority to determine voting, dividend, conversion and other rights. Any additional stock issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or premium to the then-current market price of our Common Stock. In addition, in order to raise capital, we may need to issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for a significant amount of our Common Stock. Our Board may generally issue those shares of Common Stock and preferred stock, or convertible securities to purchase those shares, without further approval by our stockholders. Any preferred stock we may issue could have such rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions as may be designated from time-to-time by our Board, including preferential dividend rights, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation provisions. We may also issue additional securities to our directors, officers, employees and consultants as compensatory grants in connection with their services, both in the form of stand-alone grants or under our stock incentive plans. The issuance of additional securities may cause substantial dilution to our stockholders. If we issue debt securities, our operations may be restricted, we will be exposed to additional risk and the market price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. If we decide to issue debt securities in the future, it is likely that such securities will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our Common Stock. Holders of debt securities may also be granted specific rights, including, but not limited to, the right to hold a perfected security interest in certain of our assets, the right to accelerate payments due under the indenture, rights to restrict dividend payments and rights to approve the sale of assets. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of our Common Stock. Future sales of our Common Stock, or the perception that such future sales may occur, may cause our stock price to decline. Sales of substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. In addition, the sale of such shares, or the perception that such sales may occur, could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional Common Stock or preferred stock. Except for any shares purchased by our affiliates, all of the shares of Common Stock sold in this offering will be freely tradable. We have not paid cash dividends in the past and do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any return on your investment may be limited to increases in the market price of our Common Stock. We have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to date. We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of the Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. Investing in our Common Stock may involve a significant degree of risk. The investments we make in accordance with our investment objectives may result in a higher amount of risk when compared to alternative investment options and volatility or loss of principal. Our investments may be highly speculative and aggressive, and therefore an investment in our Common Stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance and investors in our Common Stock may experience losses and volatility. Risks Related to Being a Public Company The market price of our Common Stock is and could remain highly volatile. You may lose some or all of your investment. The trading price of our Common Stock is and could remain volatile and subject to significant fluctuations. The trading price of our Common Stock depends on many factors, including those described in this “ Risk Factors ” section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, the stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility, which has sometimes been unrelated to the operating performance of the issuer. The trading price of our Common Stock may be adversely affected by third parties trying to drive down or drive up the market price. Short sellers and others, some of whom post anonymously on social media, may be positioned to profit if our stock declines or otherwise exhibits volatility, and their activities can negatively affect our stock price and increase the volatility of our stock price. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies’ securities, securities class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. Any adverse determination in any such litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments. Our stock price may be exposed to additional risks because we became a public company through a “de-SPAC” transaction. There has been increased focus by government agencies on such transactions, and we expect that increased focus to continue, and we may be subject to increased scrutiny by the SEC and other government agencies on holders of our securities as