Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our company, as more fully described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our company risky include, among others: • We are early in our development efforts and have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and likelihood of success and future viability. • We have incurred significant net losses in each period since inception, and expect to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. • We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never achieve or maintain profitability. • We are substantially dependent on OKI-219. If we are unable to advance OKI-219 through clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize such product candidate, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. • We have limited resources and are currently focusing our efforts on OKI-219 for development in particular indications and advancing our other discovery research programs. As a result, we may fail to capitalize on programs, product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. • If clinical trials of our product candidates fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do not otherwise produce positive results, we would incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. • The regulatory approval processes of the FDA, EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities are lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable. If we are ultimately unable to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will be unable to generate product revenue and our business will be substantially harmed. • If we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment or retention of subjects in clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. • The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and the results of our clinical trials may not satisfy the requirements of the FDA, EMA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities. • If we are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our product candidates on acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully commercialize our product candidates that obtain regulatory approval. 7 Table of Contents • If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our technology and products and product candidates we may develop, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors or other third parties could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully develop and, if approved, commercialize our product candidates may be adversely affected. • We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties, including independent clinical investigators and CROs, to conduct, supervise and monitor certain aspects of our clinical trials and preclinical studies. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, comply with applicable regulatory requirements and meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our product candidates, or such approval or commercialization may be delayed, and our business could be substantially harmed. • Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled executive officers and employees. • The market price of our Class A Common Stock is expected to be volatile. • We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future and might never achieve profitability. • We will need substantial additional funding before we can complete the development of our product candidates. If we are unable to obtain such additional capital on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development and clinical programs and may not have the capital required to otherwise operate our business. • Our Amended Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended Bylaws and provisions under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. • As a result of the Merger, we are subject to the SEC requirements applicable to reporting shell company business combinations. As a result, we are subject to more stringent reporting requirements, offering limitations and resale restrictions. • An active trading market for our Class A Common Stock may not develop, and the holders of our Class A Common Stock may not be able to resell their shares of our Class A Common Stock for a profit, if at all. • We could be subject to securities class action litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. • Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval. Risks Related to Our Operating History, Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital We are early in our development efforts and have no products approved for commercial sale, which may make it difficult for you to evaluate our current business and likelihood of success and future viability. We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, have no products approved for commercial sale and have never generated any revenue. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing the company, raising capital and developing our product candidates. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to accurately predict our likelihood of success and viability. In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors and risks frequently experienced by early-stage biopharmaceutical companies in rapidly 8 Table of Contents evolving fields. We also expect that, as we advance our product candidates, we will need to transition from a company with a research and development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome such risks and difficulties, or to make such a transition. If we do not adequately address these risks and difficulties or successfully make such a transition, our business will suffer. We have incurred significant net losses in each period since inception, and we expect to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. We have incurred significant net losses in each reporting period since inception, have not generated any revenue from the sale of products, and have funded our operations primarily from the sale and issuance of equity securities and convertible debt. Legacy OnKure’s net losses were $35.3 million and $29.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2024, Legacy OnKure had an accumulated deficit of $125.7 million. We have no products approved for sale. As a result, we expect that it will be many years, if ever, before we have a commercialized product and generate revenue from product sales. Even if we succeed in receiving marketing approval for and commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we expect that we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenses to discover, develop and market additional product candidates. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue, if any. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital, our ability to fund the development of our product candidates, our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and the performance of our stock. We have never generated revenue from product sales and may never achieve or maintain profitability. We have never generated any revenue from commercial product sales. To become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize product candidates with significant market potential, which will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities. These activities can include completing preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates, obtaining marketing approval for these product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling those products that are approved and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We do not anticipate generating any revenue from product sales for many years. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability depends significantly on our ability to achieve several objectives, including: • successful and timely completion of clinical development of OKI-219 and preclinical and clinical development of other pipeline programs and any other future programs; • establishing and maintaining relationships with contract resear