—We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Although we have already taken a number of steps to remediate, If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business.” Off-balance sheet arrangements We did not have during the periods presented, and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. Critical accounting policies and significant judgements and estimates Our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses and the disclosure of our contingent liabilities in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our financial statements elsewhere in this prospectus, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our audited financial statements. Stock-Based Compensation All stock-based compensation cost, including grants of stock options and restricted stock awards issued under our equity incentive plan, is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We recognize stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation, or ASC 718. ASC 718 requires the recognition of compensation expense, using a fair-value-based method, for costs related to all share-based payments including stock options. ASC 718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant. Our determination of the fair value of stock options with time-based vesting on the date of grant utilizes the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We estimate the expected 95 TABLE OF CONTENTS option lives using historical data, volatility using stock prices of peer companies, risk-free rates using the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term, and dividend yield using our expectations and historical data. We use the simplified method to calculate the expected term of employee stock option grants. Under the simplified method, the expected term is estimated to be the mid-point between the vesting date and the contractual term of the option. For awards with graded vesting, in which specified tranches of the options vest on different dates, we use a single weighted-average expected life to value the entire award, which is equal to the average of the weighted-average vesting period of the award and the contractual term of the award. The fair value of each stock option grant is calculated based upon our common stock valuation on the date of the grant. Equity instruments issued to nonemployees are recorded at their fair value on the grant date and without subsequent remeasurement. The amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest, including awards with graded vesting. As part of the requirements of ASC 718, we have elected to account for forfeitures of stock option grants as they occur. Fair value of common stock Historically, for all periods prior to this offering, the fair value of our common stock was estimated on each grant date by our board of directors. In order to determine the fair value, our board of directors considered, among other things, contemporaneous valuations of our common stock and preferred stock prepared by unrelated third-party valuation firms in accordance with the guidance provided by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 2013 Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, or the Practice Aid. Given the absence of a public trading market of our shares of capital stock, our board of directors exercised reasonable judgment and considered a number of objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of the fair value of our shares of common stock and preferred stock, including: • the prices at which we sold shares of convertible preferred stock and the superior rights and preferences of the convertible preferred stock relative to its common stock; ​ • the progress of our research and development programs, including the status and results of nonclinical studies for its product candidates; ​ • our stage of development and commercialization and our business strategy; ​ • external market conditions affecting the biotechnology industry and trends within the biotechnology industry; ​ • our financial position, including cash on hand, and its historical and forecasted performance and operating results; ​ • the lack of an active public market for our common stock and convertible preferred stock; ​ • the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering, or IPO, or sale of our company in light of prevailing market conditions; and ​ • the analysis of IPOs and the market performance of similar companies in the biotechnology industry. ​ Significant changes to the key assumptions underlying the factors used could have resulted in different fair values of common stock at each valuation date. Common stock valuation methodology Our contemporaneous common stock valuations were prepared in accordance with the guidelines in the Practice Aid, which prescribes several valuation approaches for determining the value of an enterprise, such as the cost, market and income approaches, and various methodologies for allocating the value of an enterprise to its capital structure and specifically the common stock. In determining the fair value of our common stock through December 31, 2018, we estimated the equity value of our business using income and market approaches including recent sales of our convertible preferred stock in 96 TABLE OF CONTENTS arms’-length transactions (the back-solve method). Once an equity value was determined, we utilized the Option-pricing method, or OPM, to allocate the overall value of equity to the various share classes. In accordance with the Practice Aid, the OPM was the most appropriate method for determining the fair value of our common stock based on our stage of development and other relevant factors. The OPM treats common stock and preferred stock as call options on the total equity value of a company, with exercise prices based on the value thresholds at which the allocation among the various holders of a company’s securities changes. Under this method, the common stock has value if the funds available for distribution to stockholders exceed the value of the liquidation preferences at the time of a liquidity event, such as a strategic sale or merger. The common stock is modeled as a call option on the underlying equity value at a predetermined exercise price. In the model, the exercise price is based on a comparison with the total equity value rather than, as in the case of a regular option, a comparison with a per share stock price. Thus, common stock is considered to be a call option with a claim on the enterprise at an exercise price equal to the remaining value immediately after the preferred stock liquidation preference is paid. The OPM uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to price the call options. This model defines the fair value of securities as functions of the current fair value of a company and uses assumptions such as the anticipated timing of a potential liquidity event and the estimated volatility of the equity securities. In determining the fair value of our common stock beginning May 2020, we estimated the equity value of our business using the Hybrid Method, which utilizes the Probability-Weighted Expected Return Method, or PWERM, a scenario-based methodology that estimates the fair value of common stock based upon an analysis of future values for us assuming various outcomes. The common stock value is based on the probability-weighted present value of expected future investment returns considering each of the possible outcomes available as well as the rights of each class of stock. The future value of the common stock under each outcome is discounted back to the valuation date at an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate and probability weighted to arrive at an indication of value for the common stock. A discount for lack of marketability is then applied to the common stock to account for the lack of access to an active public market. The Hybrid Method is a PWERM where the equity value in one of the scenarios is calculated using an OPM. In the Hybrid Method used by us, we considered three types of future-event scenarios: an initial public offering, an unspecified liquidity event and a scenario where we remain a private company. The equity value for the initial public o