,” which would
    increase the development expenses of OMS103HP and may require us
    to raise additional capital to complete the clinical development
    and commercialization of OMS103HP and to decrease spending on
    our other clinical and preclinical development programs. The
    terms of our debt facility place restrictions on our operating
    and financial flexibility and if we raise additional capital
    through debt financing the terms of any new debt could further
    restrict our ability to operate our business. In 2008 we borrowed $17.0 million pursuant to the terms of
    a loan and security agreement with BlueCrest and pledged
    substantially all of our assets, other than intellectual
    property, as collateral for this loan. Our agreement with
    BlueCrest restricts our ability to incur additional
    indebtedness, pay dividends and engage in significant business
    transactions such as a change of control of Omeros, so long as
    we owe any amounts to BlueCrest under the agreement. Any of
    these restrictions could significantly limit our operating and
    financial flexibility and ability to respond to changes in our
    business or competitive activities. In addition, if we default
    under our agreement, BlueCrest may have the right to accelerate
    all of our repayment obligations under the agreement and to take
    control of our pledged assets, which include our cash, cash
    equivalents and short-term investments, potentially requiring us
    to renegotiate our agreement on terms less favorable to us.
    Further, if we are liquidated, BlueCrest’s right to
    repayment would be senior to the rights of the holders of our
    common stock to receive any proceeds from the liquidation. An
    event of default under the loan and security agreement includes
    the occurrence of any material adverse effect upon our business
    operations, properties, assets, results of operations or
    financial condition, taken as whole with respect to our
    viability, that would reasonably be expected to result in our
    inability to repay the loan. If BlueCrest declares a default
    upon the occurrence of any event that it interprets as having a
    material adverse effect -8- Table of Contents upon us as defined under our agreement, we will be required to
    repay the loan immediately or to attempt to reverse
    BlueCrest’s declaration through negotiation or litigation.
    Any declaration by BlueCrest of an event of default could
    significantly harm our business and prospects and could cause
    our stock price to decline. If we raise any additional debt
    financing, the terms of such debt could further restrict our
    operating and financial flexibility. Our
    lead product candidate OMS103HP or future product candidates may
    never achieve market acceptance even if we obtain regulatory
    approvals. Even if we receive regulatory approvals for the commercial sale
    of our lead product candidate OMS103HP or future product
    candidates, the commercial success of these product candidates
    will depend on, among other things, their acceptance by
    physicians, patients, third-party payors and other members of
    the medical community. If our product candidates fail to gain
    market acceptance, we may be unable to earn sufficient revenue
    to continue our business. Market acceptance of, and demand for,
    any product candidate that we may develop and commercialize will
    depend on many factors, including: • our ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and
    efficacy; • availability, relative cost and relative efficacy of alternative
    and competing treatments; • the effectiveness of our marketing and distribution strategy to,
    among others, hospitals, surgery centers, physicians and/or pharmacists; • prevalence of the surgical procedure or condition for which the
    product is approved; • acceptance by physicians of each product as a safe and effective
    treatment; • perceived advantages over alternative treatments; • relative convenience and ease of administration; • the availability of adequate reimbursement by third parties; • the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; • publicity concerning our products or competing products and
    treatments; and • our ability to obtain sufficient third-party reimbursement for
    the products. The number of operations in which our PharmacoSurgery products,
    if approved, would be used may be significantly less than the
    total number of operations performed according to the market
    data obtained from industry sources. If our lead product
    candidate OMS103HP or future product candidates do not become
    widely accepted by physicians, patients, third-party payors and
    other members of the medical community, it is unlikely that we
    will ever become profitable, and if we are unable to increase
    market penetration of OMS103HP or our other product candidates,
    our growth will be significantly harmed. We
    rely on third parties to conduct portions of our preclinical
    research and clinical trials. If these third parties do not
    perform as contractually required or otherwise expected, we may
    not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize
    our product candidates. We rely on third parties, such as CROs and research
    institutions, to conduct a portion of our preclinical research.
    We also rely on third parties, such as medical institutions,
    clinical investigators and CROs, to assist us in conducting our
    clinical trials. Nonetheless, we are responsible for confirming
    that our preclinical research is conducted in accordance with
    applicable regulations, and that our clinical trials are
    conducted in accordance with applicable regulations, the
    relevant protocol and within the context of approvals by an IRB.
    Our reliance on these third parties does not relieve us of
    responsibility for ensuring compliance with FDA regulations and
    standards for conducting, monitoring, recording and reporting
    the results of preclinical research and clinical trials to
    assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate
    and that the trial participants are adequately protected. If
    these third parties do not successfully carry out their
    contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected
    deadlines, if the third parties need to be replaced or if the
    quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due
    to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or
    regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our preclinical -9- Table of Contents and clinical development processes may be extended, delayed,
    suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain
    regulatory approval for our product candidates. If we
    are unable to establish sales and marketing capabilities or
    enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our
    product candidates, we may be unable to generate product
    revenue. We do not have a sales and marketing organization and Omeros has
    never sold, marketed or distributed any biopharmaceutical
    products. Developing an internal sales force is expensive and
    time-consuming and commonly is commenced 18 months in
    advance of product launch. Any delay in developing an internal
    sales force could impact the timing of any product launch. If we
    enter into arrangements with third parties to perform sales,
    marketing and distribution services, our product revenues are
    likely to be lower than if we market and sell any approved
    product candidates that we develop ourselves. Factors that may
    inhibit our efforts to commercialize our approved product
    candidates without collaboration partners include: • our inability to recruit and retain adequate numbers of
    effective sales and marketing personnel; • the inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or persuade
    adequate numbers of hospitals, surgery centers, physicians and/or pharmacists to purchase, use or prescribe our approved product
    candidates; • the lack of complementary products to be offered by sales
    personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage
    relative to companies with more extensive product lines; and • unforeseen costs and expenses associated with creating an
    independent sales and marketing organization. If we are unsuccessful in building a sales and marketing
    infrastructure or unable to partner with one or more third
    parties to perform sales and marketing services for our product
    candidates, we will have difficulty commercializing our product
    candidates, which would adversely affect our business and
    financial condition. We
    have no ability to manufacture clinical or commercial supplies
    of our product candidates and currently intend to rely solely on
    third parties to manufacture clinical and commercial supplies of
    all of our product candidates. We currently do not intend to manufacture our product candidates
    for our clinical trials or on a commercial scale and intend to
    rely on third parties to do so. Our clinical supplies of
    OMS103HP were manufactured in a freeze-dried, or lyophilized,
    form by Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. in its Albuquerque, New
    Mexico facility. In May 2008, Catalent announced that it sold
    this facility to OSO Biopharmaceuticals Manufacturing, LLC, or
    OSO, which continues to manufacture lyophilized drug products at
    this facility. We have not entered into a binding agreement with
    Catalent or OSO for the commercial supply of lyophilized
    OMS103HP, and cannot be certain that we will be able to do so on
    commercially reasonable terms. Qualification of any other
    facility to manufacture lyophilized OMS103HP would require
    transfer of manufacturing methods, the production of one or more
    additional registra