You should carefully consider the risks described below and
other information in this prospectus before making any decision
to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating
results could be materially adversely affected. In this case, the
 trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could
lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Cyclical Industry—If Our Industry Were To Experience A
	 Downturn In The Business Cycle, Our Revenues Could Be Adversely
	Affected. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and is generally
characterized by average selling price fluctuations. Since the
fourth quarter of 1997, we have experienced significant declines
in the pricing of our products as customers reduced demand and
manufacturers reduced prices to avoid a significant decline in
capacity utilization. We believe these pricing declines were due
primarily to the Asian economic crisis and excess semiconductor
manufacturing capacity. Although the semiconductor market has
recently improved, we cannot assure you that these improvements
are sustainable or will continue or that the semiconductor market
 will not experience subsequent, and possibly more severe and/or
prolonged, downturns in the future. We cannot assure you that any
 future downturn in the semiconductor market will not have a
material adverse effect on our revenues. Short-Term Performance—Fluctuations In Our Quarterly
	Operating Results May Cause Our Stock Price To Decline. Given the nature of the markets in which we participate, we
cannot reliably predict future revenues and profitability, and
unexpected changes may cause us to adjust our operations. A high
proportion of our costs are fixed, due in part to our significant
 sales, research and development and manufacturing costs. Thus,
small declines in revenue could disproportionately affect our
operating results in a quarter. Factors that could affect our
quarterly operating results include: • the timing and size of orders from our customers, including
	cancellations and reschedulings; • the timing of introduction of new products; • the gain or loss of significant customers, including as a result
	of industry consolidation; • seasonality in some of our target markets; • changes in the mix of products we sell; • changes in demand by the end users of our customers’
	products; • market acceptance of our current and future products; • variability of our customers’ product life cycles; • changes in manufacturing yields or other factors affecting the
	cost of goods sold, such as the cost and availability of raw
	materials and the extent of utilization of manufacturing
	capacity; • changes in the prices of our products, which can be affected by
	the level of our customers’ and end users’ demand,
	technological change, product obsolescence or other factors; and • cancellations, changes or delays of deliveries to us by our
	third-party manufacturers, including as a result of the
	availability of manufacturing capacity and the proposed terms of
	manufacturing arrangements. New Product Development And Technological Change—An
	Inability To Introduce New Products Could Adversely Affect Us,
	And Changing Technologies Or Consumption Patterns Could Reduce
	The Demand For Our Products. Rapidly changing technologies and industry standards, along with
frequent new product introductions, characterize the industries
that are currently the primary end-users of semiconductors. As
these industries evolve and introduce new products, our success
will depend on our ability to adapt to such changes in a timely 8 Table of Contents and cost-effective manner by designing, developing,
manufacturing, marketing and providing customer support for our
own new products and technologies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify changes in
the product markets of our customers and end-users and adapt to
such changes in a timely and cost-effective manner. Nor can we
assure you that products or technologies that may be developed in
 the future by our competitors and others will not render our
products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. A
fundamental shift in technologies or consumption patterns in our
existing product markets or the product markets of our customers
or end users could have a material adverse effect on our business
 or prospects. Competition—Competition In Our Industry Could Prevent
	Us From Maintaining Our Level Of Revenues And From Raising Prices
	 To Reflect Increases In Costs. The semiconductor industry, particularly the market for
semiconductor components, is highly competitive. Although only a
few companies compete with us in all of our product lines, we
face significant competition within each of our product lines
from major international semiconductor companies as well as
smaller companies focused on specific market niches. Many of
these competitors have substantially greater financial and other
resources than we have with which to pursue development,
engineering, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of their
products and are better able than we are to withstand adverse
economic or market conditions. In addition, companies not
currently in direct competition with us may introduce competing
products in the future. Significant competitors in the discrete
market include International Rectifier, Philips, Rohm, Siliconix,
 ST Microelectronics and Toshiba. Significant competitors in the
standard analog markets include Analog Devices, Fairchild, Linear
 Technology, Maxim Integrated Products, National Semiconductor,
ST Microelectronics and Texas Instruments. Significant
competitors in the standard logic product market include
Fairchild, Hitachi, Philips, Texas Instruments and Toshiba. The
semiconductor components industry has also been undergoing
significant restructuring and consolidations that could adversely
 affect our competitiveness. Because our components are often building block semiconductors
that in some cases can be integrated into more complex integrated
 circuits, we also face competition from manufacturers of
integrated circuits, application-specific integrated circuits and
 fully customized integrated circuits, as well as customers who
develop their own integrated circuit products. We compete in different product lines to various degrees on the
basis of price, quality, technical performance, product features,
 product system compatibility, customized design, availability,
delivery timing and reliability and sales and technical support.
Gross margins in the industry vary by geographic region depending
 on local demand for the products in which semiconductors are
used, such as personal computers, industrial and
telecommunications equipment, consumer electronics and automotive
 goods. In regions where there is a strong demand for such
products, price pressures may also emerge as competitors attempt
to gain a greater market share by lowering prices. Our ability to
 compete successfully depends on elements both within and outside
 of our control, including industry and general economic trends. Manufacturing Risks—Unless We Maintain Manufacturing
	Efficiency And Avoid Manufacturing Difficulties, Our Future
	Profitability Could Be Adversely Affected. Manufacturing semiconductor components involves highly complex
processes that require advanced and costly equipment. We and our
competitors continuously modify these processes in an effort to
improve yields and product performance. Impurities or other
difficulties in the manufacturing process can lower yields. Our
manufacturing efficiency will be an important factor in our
future profitability, and we cannot assure you that we will be
able to maintain our manufacturing efficiency or increase
manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors. From time to time we have experienced difficulty in beginning
production at new facilities or in effecting transitions to new
manufacturing processes that have caused us to suffer delays in
product deliveries or reduced yields. We cannot assure you that
we will not experience manufacturing problems in achieving
acceptable yields or experience product delivery delays in the
future as a result of, among other things, capacity constraints,
construction delays, upgrading or expanding existing facilities
or changing our process 9 Table of Contents technologies, any of which could result in a loss of future
revenues. Our results of operations could also be adversely
affected by the increase in fixed costs and operating expenses
related to increases in production capacity if revenues do not
increase proportionately. Lack Of Independent Identity—We Have Recently
	Established A Trade Name Identity Independent Of Motorola. A
	Failure To Establish The Same Level Of Goodwill As Motorola Could
	 Harm Our Long-Term Business Prospects. Our future success and competitive position depend, in part, on
our ability to establish goodwill in our products and services
and to associate that goodwill with our trade name, ON
Semiconductor™. In order for us to establish goodwill,
customers must acknowledge the quality of our products and
services and associate our trade name with that quality and those
 products and services. Prior to our recapitalization, all of the
 products and services we offered were sold, distributed and
advertised under the Motorola trade name. Consequently, the
goodwill of the Motorola trade name may have been associated, in
part, with success of those products and services. We have begun marketing our products under the ON
Semiconductor™ name. However, for one year after our
recapitalization, an agreement we have with Motorola gives us the
 limited ability to use the Motorola trade name in connection
with the sale, distribution and advertisement of some products we
 offer. We are presently using our best efforts to cease using
licensed Motorola trademarks as soon as commercially reasonable.
If t