Investing in our securities involves significant risks. Before making a decision whether to invest in our securities, please read the information contained in or incorporated by reference under the heading “ Risk Factors ” in this prospectus, the documents we have incorporated by reference herein and under similar headings in other documents filed after the date hereof and incorporated by reference into this prospectus. See “ Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference ” and “ Where You Can Find More Information .” 1 Total number of shares being offered by the Selling Stockholders includes
150% of the sum of: (i) the maximum number of shares of Common Stock initially issuable upon conversion of 16,325 shares of Series D Preferred
Stock at an Alternate Conversion Price (as defined in the Series D Certificate of Designations) of $3.3250; (ii) the maximum number of
shares of Common Stock initially issuable upon conversion of 7,813 shares of Series E Preferred Stock at an Alternate Conversion Price
(as defined in the Series E Certificate of Designations) of $3.3250; and (iii) the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of
the PIPE Warrants. Additionally, in all cases, the shares being offered by the Selling Stockholders does not take into account any ownership
limitations on the conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock, the Series E Preferred Stock or the PIPE Warrants. 5 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus, in our most recent
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented and updated by subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that
we have filed or will file with the SEC, and in other documents which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before making
an investment decision pursuant to this. Our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any or all of these risks or by additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial that may adversely affect us in the future. Risks Related to This Offering Sales of a substantial number of our securities
in the public market by the Selling Stockholders and/or by our existing securityholders could cause the price of our shares of Common
Stock to fall. The Selling Stockholders can sell, under this prospectus, up to 22,071,891
shares of Common Stock. The sale of all or a portion of the securities being offered in this prospectus, or the perception that those
sales might occur, could depress the market price of our Common Stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale
of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our Common
Stock. Issuances of shares of our Common Stock
upon exercise of the PIPE Warrants or conversion of Series D Preferred Stock or Series E Preferred Strock would result in substantial
dilution of our stockholders and may have a negative impact on the market price of our Common Stock. The shares of Common Stock
issuable pursuant to the PIPE Warrants, the Series D Preferred Stock, and the Series E Preferred Stock, to the extent exercised or converted,
respectively, would impose significant dilution on our stockholders and may have a negative impact on the market price of our Common Stock. Additionally, each of the
PIPE Warrants and the respective Certificate of Designations for the Series D Preferred Stock and for the Series E Preferred Stock provide
that if the Company issues (subject to certain exceptions) (i) any shares of Common Stock, (ii) any options to purchase Common Stock or
(iii) any convertible securities, for a consideration price per share or exercise or conversion price per share, as applicable, less than
the exercise price of the PIPE Warrants or the conversion price of the Series D Preferred Stock or Series E Preferred Stock, respectively,
in effect immediately prior to such issuance, the exercise price and conversion price shall be reduced accordingly. We may use proceeds from any exercise of the PIPE Warrants for
cash in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a significant return. We will have broad discretion
over the