— Risks Related to Our Business—Environmental and other regulatory issues may impact our operations.” Historically, our environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future or that such future compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Product Liability Our sale and servicing of boats and other watercraft may expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or property damage claims relating to the use of such products. Historically, product liability claims have not 110 TABLE OF CONTENTS materially affected our business. Our manufacturers generally maintain product liability insurance, and we maintain third-party liability insurance with respect to the sale and servicing of boats and other watercrafts, which we believe to be adequate. However, we may experience legal claims in excess of our insurance coverage, and those claims may not be covered by insurance. Furthermore, any significant claims against us, or an increase in insurance premiums resulting from excessive insurance claims, could adversely affect our business, financial performance and results of operations and result in negative publicity. Competition We operate in a highly competitive and fragmented environment. We face competition from businesses relating to recreational activities, which businesses compete for consumers’ leisure time and discretionary spending dollars. We face intense competition within the highly fragmented recreational boat industry for customers, quality products, boat show space and suitable store locations. We rely to a certain extent on boat shows to generate sales. Our inability to participate in boat shows in our existing or targeted markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and results of operations. We compete primarily with local boat dealers who own three or fewer stores, as well as with a limited number of larger operators, including MarineMax and Bass Pro Shops. With respect to sales of marine parts, accessories, and equipment, we compete with national specialty marine parts and accessory stores, online catalog retailers, sporting goods stores, and mass merchants. Competition within the recreational boating industry is generally based on the quality and variety of available products, the price and value of the products and services and attention to customer service. We face significant competition from our current market and will likely face significant competition in any new markets that we may enter. We also face competition from retailers in certain markets who sell boat brands, parts and engines that we do not currently carry in such markets. Additionally, a number of our competitors are large national or regional chains that have substantially more financial, marketing and other resources than us, especially with regard to those that sell boating accessories. We also face competition from private sellers of pre-owned boats and online merchants entering the resale boating industry. However, we believe that our integrated corporate infrastructure, marketing and sales capabilities, cost structure, industry expertise and customer experience enable us to compete effectively against these competitors. Intellectual Property We rely on a number of trade names with respect to the regional dealer groups that we have acquired, which we do not re-brand under our “OneWater” mark. We cannot give any assurance that any trade name and trademark applications that we may file in the future will be granted. Employees As of June 30, 2020, we had 1,117 employees, 1,047 of whom were in store-level operations and 70 of whom were in corporate administration and management. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our employees to be excellent. Facilities Our corporate headquarters are located at 6275 Lanier Islands Parkway, Buford, Georgia 30518. Additionally, we own or lease the following material retail facilities as of June 30, 2020: Store Location & Dealer Group ​ ​ Stores Leased ​ ​ Stores Owned Alabama ​ ​ ​ ​ Singleton Marine ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ 1 Rambo Marine ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — Sunrise Marine ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — Legendary Marine ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — Florida ​ ​ ​ ​ Grande Yachts ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ — Legendary Marine ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ — Sundance Marine ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ — Marina Mike’s ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — 111 TABLE OF CONTENTS Store Location & Dealer Group ​ ​ Stores Leased ​ ​ Stores Owned Ocean Blue Yacht Sales ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ — Sunrise Marine ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — Caribee Boat ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — Central Marine ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ — Georgia ​ ​ ​ ​ Singleton Marine ​ ​ 9 ​ ​ — American Boat Brokers ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — Kentucky ​ ​ ​ ​ Lookout Marine ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — Massachusetts ​ ​ ​ ​ Bosun’s ​ ​ 4 ​ ​ — Maryland ​ ​ ​ ​ Grande Yachts ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — North Carolina ​ ​ ​ ​ Grande Yachts ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — New York ​ ​ ​ ​ Grande Yachts ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — Ohio ​ ​ ​ ​ South Shore Marine ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — Spend-A-Day Marina ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — South Carolina ​ ​ ​ ​ Captain’s Choice Marine ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — Singleton Marine ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — Texas ​ ​ ​ ​ Texas Marine ​ ​ 3 ​ ​ — SMG Boats ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — Slalom Shop ​ ​ 2 ​ ​ — Phil Dill Boats ​ ​ 1 ​ ​ — We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current operations. Legal Proceedings Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in other routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities, including workers’ compensation claims and employment related disputes. In the opinion of our management, none of the pending litigation, disputes or claims against us, if decided adversely, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. Recent Developments Effective July 22, 2020, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries terminated and repaid all indebtedness outstanding under the Term and Revolver Credit Facility in accordance with its terms and entered into the Refinanced Credit Agreement with Truist Bank as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Synovus Bank as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, Synovus Bank as documentation agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. The Refinanced Credit Facility provides for a $30.0 million revolving credit facility that may be used for revolving credit loans (including up to $5.0 million in swingline loans) and up to $5.0 million in letters of credit from time to time, and a $80.0 million term loan, which was advanced in full on July 22, 2020. Subject to certain conditions, the available amount under the revolving credit facility and the term loans may be increased by $50.0 million in the aggregate. The revolving credit facility matures on July 22, 2025. The term loan is repayable in installments beginning on March 31, 2021, with the remainder due on July 22, 2025. There were no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility on the Closing Date. Borrowings under the Refinanced Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company’s option, at either (a) the Base Rate equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate (as announced by Truist Bank from time to time), (ii) the Federal Funds Rate, as in effect from time to time, plus 0.50%, (iii) the Adjusted LIBO Rate determined on a daily basis for an interest period of one 112 TABLE OF CONTENTS month, plus 1.00%, or (iv) 1.75%, plus an applicable margin of up to 2.00%, or (b) the rate per annum obtained by dividing (i) the London Interbank Offered Rate for such interest period by (ii) the Adjusted LIBO Rate, a percentage equal to 1.00% minus the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage, plus an applicable margin of up to 3.00%. Interest on swingline loans shall be the Base Rate plus an applicable margin of up to 2.00%. All applicable interest margins are subject to stepdowns based on certain consolidated leverage ratio measures. In conjunction with the closing of the Refinanced Credit Facility, the Company paid $109.0 million consisting of $29.0 million in cash on hand and $80.0 million in proceeds from the Refinanced Credit Facility to fully redeem the Term and Revolver Credit Facility with Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P. The Refinanced Credit Facility is subject to certain financial covenants related to the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio. The Refinanced Credit Facility also contains various covenants and restrictive provisions that, among other things, limit the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to (i) incur additional debt, guarantees or liens; (ii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of its assets; (iii) make certain investments, loans or other restricted payments; (iv) modify certain material agreements or organizational documents and (v) engage in certain types of transactions with affiliates. Additionally, on July 22, 2020, the Company, OneWater LLC, Opco and certain of Opco’s subsidiaries entered into the First Amendment to the Inventory Financing Facility. The First Amendment amended the Inventory Financing Facility, to, among other things, address the Refinancing, permit the amount of indebtedness allowed under the Refinanced Credit Facility to be $160.0 million (which includes the potential for a $50.0 million increase under the Refinanced Credit Facility), permit the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the termination of the Term and Revolver Credit Facility and the payment of present and future transaction costs incurred in connection with the negotiation, closing and ongoing administration of the Refinanced Credit Facility. On August 22, 2020, we entered into the Domain Purchase Agreement with Boats4Sale. Pursuant to the Domain Purchase Agreement, Opco purchased the website domain name “Boatsf