including
the broad deterioration of property values, reduced consumer and business spending as a result of high unemployment and reduced credit availability, and the lack of confidence in a sustainable recovery. The following portfolio segments have been identified in the Company’s loan portfolio, and are also representative of the classes within
the portfolio: commercial real estate, SBA loans—real estate, SBA loans—non-real estate, commercial and industrial, trade finance, home mortgage, and consumer. The Company reviews the credit risk
exposure of all its portfolio segments by internally assigned grades. The Company categorizes loans into risk grades based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information,
historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. For the home mortgage and consumer portfolio segments, the Company’s primary monitoring tool is reviewing past due
listings to determine if the loans are performing. The determination of the allowance for loan losses is based on estimates that are
particularly susceptible to changes in the economic environment and market conditions. Management believes that as of December 31, 2017
and 2016 the allowance for loan losses is adequate based on information currently available. If a deterioration in the economy of the Company’s principal market area occurs, the Company’s loan portfolios could be adversely impacted and
higher charge-offs and increases in non-performing assets could result. Such an adverse impact could also require a larger allowance for loan losses. F-10 Table of Contents OP BANCORP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2017 and 2016 NOTE 2—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued) Servicing Assets : When SBA loans are sold with servicing retained, servicing assets
are initially recorded at fair value with the income statement effect recorded in gains on sales of loans. Fair value is based on a valuation model that calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing income. The valuation model
incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net servicing income, such as the cost to service, the discount rate, prepayment speeds, and default rates and losses. The Company compares the valuation model inputs
and results to published industry data in order to validate the model results and assumptions. Servicing assets are subsequently measured using the amortization method which requires servicing assets to be amortized into non-interest income in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income of the underlying loans. Servicing assets are evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the assets as compared to their carrying amount. Impairment is
recognized through a valuation allowance to the extent that fair value is less than the carrying amount. If the Company later determines that all or a portion of the impairment no longer exists, a reduction of the valuation allowance may be recorded
as an increase to income. Changes in the valuation allowances are reported with other income on the income statement. The fair values of servicing rights are subject to fluctuations as a result of changes in estimated and actual prepayment
speeds, default rates, and losses. Servicing fee income, which is reported on the income statement as other income , is recorded
for fees earned for servicing loans. The fees are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal and are recorded as income when earned. The amortization of servicing assets is netted against loan servicing fee income. Late fees and
ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. Company Owned Life Insurance : The Company has purchased life insurance
policies on certain key executives. Company owned life insurance is recorded at the amount that can be realized under the insurance contract at the balance sheet date, which is the cash surrender value adjusted for other charges or other amounts due
that are probable at settlement. Transfers of Financial Assets : Transfers of financial assets are accounted for as sales when
control over the assets has been relinquished. Control over transferred assets is deemed to be surrendered when the assets have been isolated from the Company, the transferee obtains the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking
advantage of that right) to pledge or exchange the transferred assets, and the Company does not maintain effective control over the transferred assets through an agreement to repurchase them before their maturity. Premises and Equipment : Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Equipment and furnishings are
depreciated over 3 to 10 years, and leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the terms of the respective leases or the estimated useful lives. The straight-line method of depreciation is used for financial reporting purposes. Repairs
and maintenance are charged to operating expenses as incurred. Other Real Estate Owned, Net : Assets acquired through or instead of
loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. Physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan occurs when the legal title is
obtained upon completion F-11 Table of Contents OP BANCORP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2017 and 2016 NOTE 2—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued) of foreclosure or when the borrower conveys all interest in the property to satisfy the loan through the completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal agreement. These
assets are subsequently accounted for at the lower of their cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell. If their fair value declines subsequent to foreclosure, a valuation allowance is recorded through expense. Operating costs after acquisition
are expensed. Loan Commitments and Related Financial Instruments : Financial instruments include off-balance sheet credit instruments, such as commitments to make loans and commercial letters of credit, issued to meet customer financing needs. The face amount for these items represents the exposure to
loss, before considering customer collateral or ability to repay. Such financial instruments are recorded when they are funded. Stock-Based Compensation : Compensation cost is recognized for stock options and restricted stock awards issued to employees based on
the fair value of the awards at the date of grant. A Black-Scholes model is utilized to estimate the fair value of stock options, while the market price of the Company’s common stock at the date of the grant is used for restricted stock awards.
Compensation cost is recognized over the required service period, generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded vesting, compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire
award. Earnings per Common Share : Basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the two-class method prescribed in ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share (ASC 260). Stock options and restricted stock awards are considered outstanding for this calculation unless unearned. Diluted earnings per
common share includes the dilutive effect of additional potential common shares issuable under stock-based compensation plans. Earnings and dividends per share are restated for all stock splits and stock dividends through the date of issuance of the
financial statements. Income Taxes : Income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due or refundable and the
change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities, computed using enacted tax rates.
A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. A tax position is recognized as a
benefit only if it is “more likely than not” that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50%
likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the “more likely than not” test, no tax benefit is recorded. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or
decrease in the next twelve months. The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense.
There were no interest or penalties recognized in the years ended December 31, 2017 or 2016. Comprehensive Income/(Loss) :
Comprehensive income/(loss) consists of net income and other comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income includes unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale, which are also recognized as separate components of
shareholders’ equity, net of tax. F-12 Table of Contents OP BANCORP NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2017 and 2016 NOTE 2—SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (Continued) Loss Contingencies : Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions arising in
the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management does not believe there now are such matters that will have a material effect
on the financial statements. Fair Value of Financial Instruments : Fair values of financial instruments are estimated using
relevant market information and other assumptions, as more fully disclosed in Note 13—Fair Value of Financial Instruments. Fair va