—Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination—We
may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder
shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders
and likely present other risks, ” “ Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination—We may issue shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a
price which is less than $10.00 or the prevailing market price of our shares at that time, which could dilute the interests of our existing
shareholders and add costs ” or “ Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability
to Consummate, a Business Combination—We may issue notes or other debt, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business
combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’
investment in us .” Controls
and Procedures We
are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 31,
2026. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on internal
control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend
to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement. Prior
to the closing of this offering, we have not completed an assessment, nor have our auditors tested our systems, of our internal controls.
We expect to assess the internal controls of our target business or businesses prior to the completion of our initial business combination
and, if necessary, to implement and test additional controls as we may determine are necessary in order to state that we maintain an
effective system of internal controls. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
the adequacy of internal controls. Many small and mid-sized target businesses we may consider for our initial business combination may
have internal controls that need improvement in areas such as: ● staffing for financial, accounting and external reporting
    areas, including segregation of duties; ● reconciliation of accounts; ● proper recording of expenses
    and liabilities in the period to which they relate; ● evidence of internal review
    and approval of accounting transactions; ● documentation of processes,
    assumptions and conclusions underlying significant estimates; and ● documentation of accounting
    policies and procedures. 104 Because
it will take time, management involvement and perhaps outside resources to determine what internal control improvements are necessary
for us to meet regulatory requirements and market expectations for our operation of a target business, we may incur significant expenses
in meeting our public reporting responsibilities, particularly in the areas of designing, enhancing, or remediating internal and disclosure
controls. Doing so effectively may also take longer than we expect, thus increasing our exposure to financial fraud or erroneous financing
reporting. Once
our management’s report on internal controls is complete, we will retain our independent auditors to audit and render an opinion
on such report when required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The independent auditors may identify additional issues concerning
a target business’s internal controls while performing their audit of internal control over financial reporting. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The
net proceeds of this offering and the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account will be held in cash, including in
demand deposit accounts at a bank, or invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to
interest rate risk. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations; Quarterly Results As
of June 18, 2025, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have
any commitments or contractual obligations. No unaudited quarterly operating data is included in this prospectus as we have not conducted
any operations to date. JOBS
Act The
JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will
qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject
to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions
we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over
financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required
of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement
that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional
information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation
related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer’s
compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our
initial public offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. 105 PROPOSED
BUSINESS General We
are a newly organized blank check company incorporated on June 12, 2025, as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose
of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this prospectus as our initial business combination. To date, our
efforts have been limited to organizational activities as well as activities related to this offering. We have not selected any specific
business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly,
with any business combination target. We have generated no operating revenues to date and we do not expect that we will generate operating
revenues until we consummate our initial business combination. While
we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector, or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries
that complement our management team’s background, and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire
a business, focusing on sectors whose growth is primarily driven by the expansion of the Digital Infrastructure Services sector. We
believe that our management team, which includes our officers and director nominees as discussed below, is well-positioned to identify
attractive business combination opportunities. Our management team has significant experience identifying, financing and operating leading
Digital Infrastructure Services companies. We intend to leverage the deep networks and expertise of our management team to identify
companies with strong growth prospects tied to the growth of Digital Infrastructure Services and seek to create significant value for
our shareholders through both organic and inorganic growth strategies to further accelerate a target’s penetration into
its addressable markets. We intend to seek strong fundamental Digital Infrastructure Services businesses, with an
emphasis on one or more of the following attributes: ■ Primary
    focus on companies with a proven, defensible market position as a provider of mission-critical products or s