Risks Relating to Our Business ● The
                                            yacht and boat sales industry is highly sensitive to macroeconomic conditions and may experience
                                            severe fluctuations. ● Fluctuating
                                            interest rates may adversely impact OTHYS’ ability to procure financing. ● Improper
                                            handling of inventory could cause overstocking or inventory shortages. ● Our
                                            success depends to a significant extent on our manufacturers, and the loss of certain manufacturers
                                            could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. ● Boat
                                            manufacturers exercise control over our business. ● Our
                                            business, as well as the entire retail marine industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality
                                            varying in different geographic markets. ● Other
                                            recreational activities, poor industry perception, real or perceived human health or safety
                                            risks, changing consumer attitudes and environmental conditions can adversely affect the
                                            levels of boat purchases. ● We
                                            depend on our ability to attract and retain customers. ● We
                                            depend on income from financing, insurance and extended service contracts. ● Our
                                            operations are dependent upon key personnel and team members. ● Customer
                                            trust and reputation are crucial in the yacht sales industry. 8 Industry
& Competitive Risks ● We
                                            face intense competition. ● Demand
                                            in the powerboat industry is highly volatile. ● General
                                            economic conditions, particularly in the U.S., affect our industry, demand for our products
                                            and our business, and results of operations. ● We
                                            face substantial supplier and inventory acquisition risks ● Climatic
                                            events may adversely impact our operations, disrupt the business of our third party vendors
                                            on whom we rely upon for products and services, and may not be adequately covered by our
                                            insurance. Risks
Related to Regulatory & Compliance Challenges ● Environmental
                                            and other regulatory issues impact our operations from time to time. ● We
                                            have established online marketplaces and a failure in such online operations, security breaches
                                            and cybersecurity risks could disrupt our business and lead to reduced sales and growth prospects
                                            and reputational damage. ● We
                                            may be exposed to lawsuits from time to time, which could affect us adversely. Risks
Related to Intellectual Property ● A
                                            significant portion of our intellectual property is not protected through patents or formal
                                            copyright registration. As a result, we do not have the full benefit of patent or copyright
                                            laws to prevent others from replicating our products, product candidates, and brands. ● Confidentiality
                                            agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets
                                            and other proprietary information. ● We
                                            may need to defend ourselves against patent, copyright or trademark infringement claims,
                                            which may be time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs. Risks
Relating to This Offering ● The
                                            Company is a holding company with no operations of its own, and it depends on its operating
                                            subsidiary for cash to fund all of its operations and expenses, including to make future
                                            dividend payments, if any. ● An
                                            active and liquid trading market for our Common Stock may not develop. ● The
                                            price of our Common Stock may be volatile, and purchasers of our Common Stock could incur
                                            substantial losses. ● A
                                            substantial portion of our total issued and outstanding shares may be sold into the market
                                            at any time. This could cause the market price of our Common Stock to drop significantly,
                                            even if our business is doing well. ● If
                                            our listing application for our Common Stock is not approved by                   , we
                                            will not be able to consummate the Offering and will terminate the Offering. ● The
                                            market price of our Common Stock may be highly volatile, and you could lose all or part of
                                            your investment. ● For
                                            as long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with certain
                                            reporting requirements, including those relating to accounting standards and disclosure about
                                            our executive compensation, that apply to other public companies. ● If
                                            you purchase our Common Stock in the Offering, you will suffer immediate and substantial
                                            dilution of your investment. ● We
                                            have broad discretion in the use of our net proceeds from the Common Stock sold in the Offering
                                            and may not use them effectively. ● We
                                            do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock and consequently, your only opportunity
                                            to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our Common Stock appreciates. ● There
                                            has been no independent valuation of our stock, which means that our Common Stock may be
                                            worth less than the offering price in the offering. ● Future
                                            issuances of debt securities, which would rank senior to our Common Stock upon any bankruptcy
                                            or liquidation, and future issuances of preferred stock, which could rank senior to our Common
                                            Stock for the purposes of dividends and liquidating distributions, may adversely affect the
                                            level of return you may be able to achieve from an investment in our Common Stock. 9 Implications of Being an Emerging Growth Company We qualify as an “emerging growth company”
as defined in the federal securities laws. As an emerging growth company, we have elected to take advantage of specified reduced disclosure
and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to public companies. These provisions include: ● the requirement that we provide only two years of audited financial statements in addition to any required
unaudited interim financial statements with correspondingly reduced “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” disclosure; ● reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; ● an exemption from the requirement that we hold a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation or
golden parachute arrangements; and ● an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting. We may take advantage of these exemptions for
up to five years or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company. We would cease to be an emerging growth company
on the date that is the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of $1.235 billion
or more; (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial sale of common equity pursuant to a registration
statement declared effective under the Securities Act; (iii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in nonconvertible debt
during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. We
may choose to take advantage of some but not all of these exemptions. We have taken advantage of reduced reporting requirements in this
prospectus. Accordingly, the information contained herein may be different from the information you receive from other public companies
in which you hold securities. Implications of Being a Smaller Reporting Company We also qualify as a “smaller reporting
company,” as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, and to the extent we continue to qualify as a “sm