Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties
described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. If any of the following risks is realized, our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We
are a development stage company with limited operating history. We may never achieve commercial
success and have not yet commercially launched our first product. We have no historical financial data upon which we may base our projected revenue. We have limited historical financial data upon which we may base our planned operating expense or
upon which you may evaluate us and our prospects. Based on our limited experience in developing and marketing new products, we may not be able to effectively: • drive adoption of our products; • attract and retain customers for our products; • comply with evolving regulatory requirements applicable to our products; • anticipate and adapt to changes in our market; • focus our research and development efforts in areas that generate returns on these efforts; • maintain and develop strategic relationships with vendors and manufacturers to acquire necessary materials for the production of our products; • implement an effective marketing strategy to promote awareness of our products; • scale our manufacturing activities to meet potential demand at a reasonable cost; • avoid infringement and misappropriation of third-party intellectual property; • obtain licenses on commercially reasonable terms to third-party intellectual property; • obtain valid and enforceable patents that give us a competitive advantage; • protect our proprietary technology; • provide appropriate levels of customer training and support for our products; • protect our products from any equipment or software-related system failures; and • attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. In addition, a high percentage of our expenses is and will continue to be fixed. Accordingly, if we do not generate
revenue as and when anticipated, our losses may be greater than expected and our operating results will suffer. You should consider the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by companies like ours in new and rapidly evolving markets when
making a decision to invest in our common stock. We have incurred losses to date, and we expect to continue to incur
significant losses as we develop our business and may never achieve profitability. We have incurred
net losses since inception and have generated no revenue from product sales to date. We expect to incur increasing costs as we grow our business. We cannot be certain if or when we will produce sufficient revenue from our operations to support our
costs. Even if profitability is achieved, we may not be able to sustain profitability. As of June 30, 2010, we had an accumulated deficit of $255.0 million . We expect to incur substantial losses and negative cash flow for the foreseeable
future. 9 Table of Contents If our products fail to achieve and sustain sufficient market acceptance, we will not
generate expected revenue and our business may not succeed. Since we have not yet commercialized our
products, we cannot be sure that they will gain acceptance in the marketplace. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop products that displace or supplement current technology, as well as to expand the market for genetic analysis to
include new applications that are not practical with current technologies. To accomplish this, we must develop and successfully commercialize our SMRT technology for use in a variety of life science applications. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in securing customers for our products, in particular, our first product which is focused on DNA sequencing. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that the design of our products, including the initial specifications and any
enhancements or improvements to those specifications, will be satisfactory to potential customers in the markets we seek to reach. These markets are dynamic, and there can be no assurance that they will develop as quickly as we expect or that they
will reach their full potential. As a result, we may be required to refocus our marketing efforts, and we may have to make changes to the specifications of our products to enhance our ability to enter particular markets more quickly. Even if we are
able to implement our technology successfully, we may fail to achieve or sustain market acceptance of our products by academic and government research laboratories and pharmaceutical, biotechnology and agriculture companies, among others, across the
full range of our intended life science applications. If the market for our products fails to develop or grows more slowly than anticipated, if competitors develop better or more cost-effective products or if we are unable to develop a significant
customer base, our future sales and revenue would be materially harmed and our business may not succeed. The products
we expect to introduce involve unproven technology and are highly complex, with unknown support requirements. In light of the unproven and highly complex technology involved in our products, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to successfully complete the development or manufacture of, or to provide adequate support for, our products. If our products have reliability or other quality issues or require unexpected levels of support, our reputation and business could be
harmed. We cannot estimate with any certainty the cost of service and support. We intend to ship our Pac Bio RS instruments with one year of service included in the purchase price with an option to purchase an additional year of service.
If service and support costs are more than we anticipate, our business and operations may be adversely affected. We may
not be able to produce instruments with the specifications required by our customers. We have
developed performance standards for our commercial products that may not be achieved using our current design and manufacturing processes. If the actual performance of the commercial instrument deviates substantially from our target specifications
or is below the performance mandated by our customers, customer demand may be negatively affected. Customers may refuse to accept our products in a timely manner or at all, which would adversely affect our revenue. Any inability to meet performance
standards may materially impact the commercial viability of our products and harm our business. We may be unable to
manufacture our consumable kits, including SMRT Cells, to the specifications required by our customers or in quantities necessary to meet demand at an acceptable cost. In order to successfully commercialize our products, we will need to supply our customers with consumable kits to be used
with our instruments. We have limited experience manufacturing these consumable kits. For example, the manufacture of our SMRT Cells involves complex manufacturing processes. Since we are in an early phase of producing SMRT Cells, our current
manufacturing yields are low and therefore the cost of manufacturing these products is high. There is no assurance that we will be able to manufacture our consumable kits or SMRT Cells so that they consistently achieve the product specifications and
quality that our customers expect. There is also no assurance that we will be able to increase manufacturing yields and decrease costs. Furthermore, we may not be able to increase manufacturing capacity for our consumable kits or SMRT Cells to 10 Table of Contents meet anticipated demand. An inability to manufacture consumable kits and SMRT Cells that consistently meet specifications, in necessary quantities and at commercially acceptable costs will have a
negative material impact on our business. We may never earn revenue from our orders in backlog. As of June 30, 2010 we had orders in backlog totaling approximately $15.0 million. This figure represents product
orders from our customers that we have confirmed and for which we have not yet recognized revenue. We may never ship products represented by this backlog or receive revenue from these orders, and the order backlog we report may not be indicative of
our future revenue. Many events can cause an order not to be completed or delayed, some of which may be out of
our control. If we delay fulfilling customer orders, those customers may seek to cancel their orders with us. In addition, customers may otherwise seek to cancel or delay their orders even if we are prepared to fulfill them. If our orders in backlog
do not result in sales, our operating results will suffer and we may have write-offs associated with excess or obsolete inventory. Rapidly changing technology in life sciences could make the products we are developing obsolete unless we continue to develop and
manufacture new and improved products and pursue new market opportunities. Our industry is
characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. Our future success will depend on our ability to continually improve the products we are developing,
to develop and introduce new products that address the evolving needs of our customers on a timely and cost-effective basis and to pursue new market opportunities that develop as a result of technological and scientific advances. These new market
opportunities may be outside the scope of our proven expertise or in areas which have unproven market demand, and the utility and value of new products and services developed by us