and other important factors that may affect future results described below. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We depend upon reimbursement from third‑party payors, and our revenue, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted by any changes in the acuity mix of patients in our facilities as well as changes in payor mix and payment methodologies and new cost containment initiatives by third-party payors. Our revenue is affected by the percentage of the patients of our operating subsidiaries who require a high level of skilled nursing and rehabilitative care, whom we refer to as high acuity patients or skilled patients, and by our mix of payment sources. Changes in the acuity level of patients we attract, as well as our payor mix among Medicaid, Medicare, private payors and managed care companies, significantly affect our revenue. Because high acuity patients require more skilled nursing services and a higher level of care, we generally receive higher reimbursement rates for providing care to them. Lower acuity patients, who are typically Medicaid beneficiaries, typically require fewer skilled nursing services and thus we are typically paid lower rates by Medicaid for caring for them, sometimes at rates that do not cover our costs of providing care to the patient. Reimbursement rates provided for caring for skilled patients are more likely to meet or exceed the costs of providing care to those patients, thus allowing the facility to be fiscally sustainable. Given the generally predetermined nature of the reimbursement rates that we are paid for caring for patients, depending on their acuity level, if our labor or other operating costs increase disproportionately compared to the reimbursement rates we are paid for providing services, particularly with Medicaid patients, we will generally be unable to recover the increased costs from payors unless and until reimbursement rates are adjusted, and even then they may not be adjusted in full, in a timely manner, and are typically only adjusted on a prospective basis. Accordingly, if we fail to maintain our proportion of high acuity patients or if there is any significant increase in the percentage of the patients of our operating subsidiaries for whom we receive Medicaid reimbursement, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Initiatives undertaken by major insurers and managed care companies, including companies who run plans commonly referred to as Managed-Medicare and Managed-Medicaid, to reduce their costs and the amounts they pay providers may adversely affect our business. These tactics include contracting with healthcare providers to obtain services on a discounted basis. We believe that this trend will continue and may limit reimbursements for healthcare services. If insurers or managed care companies from whom we receive substantial payments were to reduce the amounts they pay for services and we did not wish to accept such reductions, we may lose patients if we choose not to renew our contracts with these insurers at their lower offered rates. Additionally, some payors have used the federal “No Surprises Act” or similar state legislation as a means to initiate re‑negotiation of reimbursement rates for providers and facilities, leading to litigation between these providers and/or facilities against payors and it may adversely affect us as well. In addition, sustained unfavorable economic conditions may affect the number of 21 Table of Contents patients enrolled in managed care programs and the profitability of managed care companies, which could result in reduced payment rates. We may not be fully reimbursed for all services for which each facility bills through consolidated billing or bundled payments, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue, financial condition and results of operations. In connection with the per diem prospective payments paid to SNFs, SNFs are required to perform consolidated billing for certain items and services furnished to patients and residents. Consolidated billing generally requires the SNF to bill a single daily amount for the entire package of care that its patients receive during a SNF stay covered by Medicare Part A or Medicare Advantage plans. Given the generally predetermined nature of the reimbursement rates that SNFs are paid for caring for patients, if our operating costs increase disproportionately compared to the reimbursement rates we are paid for providing services under consolidated billing, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, CMS has implemented certain payment initiatives that bundle acute care and post-acute care reimbursement. Post‑hospitalization skilled nursing services must be “bundled” into the hospital’s diagnostic related group payment in certain limited circumstances, in which case the hospital and SNF must effectively divide the payment that otherwise would have been made to the hospital and no additional funds are paid by Medicare for the skilled nursing care of the patient. Although this practice applies to only a limited number of DRGs and is uncommon at our SNFs currently, it could adversely affect SNF utilization and payments, whether due to the practical difficulty of this apportionment or hospitals being reluctant to lose revenue by discharging patients to a SNF. If more payments are required to be bundled in the future, or if there is any significant increase in patients for whom we receive bundled payments, our SNFs may not receive full reimbursement for all the services they provide, which could have a further adverse effect on SNF utilization and our revenue, financial condition and results of operations. Increased competition for, or a shortage of, nurses, nurse assistants and other skilled personnel could increase our staffing and labor costs and subject us to monetary fines. Our success depends upon our ability to retain and attract nurses and other skilled personnel, such as registered nurses, licensed vocational nurses, licensed practical nurses, certified nurse assistants, social workers and speech, physical and occupational therapists, as well as skilled management personnel responsible for day‑to‑day facility operation. Each facility has a facility administrator who is ultimately responsible for the overall day‑to‑day operations of the facility, including quality of care, social services and financial performance. Each facility administrator leads a team of facility staff who are directly responsible for day‑to‑day care of the facility residents, as well as other operational functions of the facility including marketing and community outreach programs. Other key positions supporting each facility may include individuals responsible for physical, occupational and speech therapy, food service and maintenance. We compete with various healthcare service providers, including other skilled nursing providers, in retaining and attracting qualified and skilled personnel. We also compete with businesses outside of healthcare in our efforts to attract and retain talented employees. Our subsidiaries operate SNFs in Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, Ohio, Oregon, South Carolina, Texas and Washington as of September 1, 2024. Some states have established minimum staffing requirements for facilities operating in that state, and other states may do the same in the future, or existing requirements may become more stringent. The federal government recently adopted minimum staffing requirements as well.  For further discussion of federal minimum staffing requirements, see the section titled “CMS Minimum Staffing Standards Final Rule.” Failure to comply with minimum staffing requirements due to competition for, a shortage of or an inability to hire required personnel can, among other things, jeopardize a facility’s compliance with the conditions of participation under relevant state and federal healthcare programs. If a facility is determined to be out of compliance with these requirements, it may be subject to a notice of deficiency, a citation, or a significant fine or litigation risk, with penalties including the suspension of patient admissions and the termination of Medicaid participation, or the suspension, revocation or non‑renewal of the SNF’s license, and may 22 Table of Contents also disqualify the facility from participation in state programs that reward facilities for meeting applicable quality criteria. If federal or state governments were to materially change the way compliance with applicable staffing standards is calculated or enforced, our labor or other operating costs could increase and the current shortage of healthcare workers could impact us more significantly. The local labor markets where we compete are sometimes in a state of disequilibrium where the needs of businesses such as ours outstrip the supply of available and willing workers, which can make it challenging to hire sufficient quantities of staff locally and may require us to use third-party staffing companies to provide healthcare workers at an even higher cost. There is additional upward pressure on wages in many of our markets from different industries and more generally due to the current rate of inflation. Some of these industries compete with us for labor, which makes it difficult to make significant hourly wage and salary increases due to the fixed nature of our reimbursement under insurance contracts as well as Medicare and Medicaid, in addition to our increasing fixed and variable costs. Due to the generally limited supply of qualified applicants who seek or are willing to accept employment in certain of our markets, these broader trends may increase our labor costs or lead to potential staffing shortages, reduced operations to comply with applicable laws and regulation