You should consider carefully the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included
in this prospectus, in your evaluation of an investment in our Class A shares. Realization of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, cash flows and results of operations. In that case, we might not be able to pay or sustain our expected initial quarterly distribution on our Class A shares, the trading price of our
Class A shares could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Inherent in an Investment in Us Our cash flow will be entirely dependent upon the ability of PAA to make cash distributions to AAP, and the ability of AAP to make cash distributions to us. The source of our earnings and cash flow will initially consist exclusively of cash distributions from AAP, which will initially
consist exclusively of cash distributions from PAA. The amount of cash that PAA will be able to distribute to its partners, including AAP, each quarter principally depends upon the amount of cash it
generates from its business. For a description of certain factors that can cause fluctuations in the amount of cash that PAA generates from its business, please read "—Risks Related to
PAA's Business" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." PAA may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to continue paying distributions at
its current level or at all. If PAA reduces its per unit distribution, either because of reduced operating cash flow, higher expenses, capital requirements or otherwise, we will have less cash
available for distribution to you and would likely be required to reduce our per share distribution to you. You should also be aware that the amount of cash PAA has available for distribution depends
primarily upon PAA's cash flow, including cash flow from the release of financial reserves as well as borrowings, and is not solely a function of profitability, which will be affected by non-cash
items. As a result, PAA may make cash distributions during periods when it records losses and may not make cash distributions during periods when it records profits. Furthermore,
AAP's ability to distribute cash to us and our ability to distribute cash received from AAP to our Class A shareholders is limited by a number of factors,
including: • AAP's payment of costs and expenses associated with our, GP LLC's and its operations, including expenses we
will incur as a result of being a public company, to the extent they are not subject to reimbursement by PAA; • our payment of any income taxes; • interest expense and principal payments on any future indebtedness incurred by AAP or us; • restrictions on distributions contained in AAP's credit facility and any future debt agreements entered into by AAP or us; • reserves necessary for us to pay a ratable amount to AAP as necessary to permit AAP to make required capital contributions
to PAA to maintain PAA GP's 2% general partner interest in PAA, as required by the partnership agreement of PAA upon the issuance of additional partnership interests by PAA; and • reserves our general partner establishes for the proper conduct of our business, to comply with applicable law or any
agreement binding on us or our subsidiaries (exclusive of PAA and its subsidiaries). We
believe that we will have sufficient available cash to pay the full initial quarterly distribution on all of our Class A shares. For additional information, please read "Our
Cash Distribution Policy and Restrictions on Distributions." In the future, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to pay distributions at or above our estimated initial quarterly
distribution of $        per Class A share, or 23 Table of Contents $        on
an annualized basis. The actual amount of cash that is available for distribution to our Class A shareholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our
control or the control of our general partner. The IDRs AAP is entitled to receive may be limited or modified without the consent of our shareholders, which may reduce cash distributions to you. We own a        % limited partner interest in AAP, which owns all of the IDRs, which entitle AAP to receive increasing
percentages (up to a maximum of 48%, to the extent not modified) of any cash distributed by PAA in excess of $0.225 per PAA common unit in any quarter. The vast majority of the cash flow we receive
from AAP is derived from its ownership of these IDRs. For the twelve months ending September 30, 2014, approximately        % of the cash that we expect to receive from AAP will be
attributable to AAP's ownership of the IDRs. Please read "Our Cash Distribution Policy and Restrictions on Distributions." PAA,
like other publicly traded partnerships, will generally only undertake an acquisition or expansion capital project if, after giving effect to related costs and expenses, the
transaction would be expected to
be accretive, meaning it would increase cash distributions per unit in future periods. Because AAP currently participates in the IDRs at all levels, including the highest sharing level of 48%, to the
extent not modified, it is harder for an acquisition or capital project to show accretion for the common unitholders of PAA than if the IDRs received less incremental cash flow. We therefore expect
that AAP may determine, in certain cases, to propose a reduction to the IDRs to facilitate a particular acquisition or expansion capital project. Such a reduction may relate to all of the cash flow on
the IDRs or only to the expected cash flow from the transaction and may be either temporary or permanent in nature. Any such reduction of IDRs will reduce the amount of cash that would have otherwise
been distributed by AAP to us, which will in turn reduce the cash distributions we would otherwise be able to pay to you. The Existing Owners have approved IDR reductions in connection with the
closing of four prior PAA acquisitions: the Pacific Energy Partners, L.P. acquisition in 2006, the Rainbow Pipeline Company acquisition in 2008, the Vulcan Gas Storage acquisition in 2009, and
the BP NGL Acquisition in 2012. For the period from 2006 through the distribution date for the second quarter of 2013, these IDR reductions have totaled $105.5 million in the aggregate.
Currently, the following IDR reductions are in place: $15.0 million in 2013 (of which $11.3 million will have been satisfied in connection with the distribution with respect to the
quarter ended June 30, 2013), $11.3 million in 2014, and $10.0 million per year thereafter. Our shareholders will not be able to vote on, or otherwise prohibit our general partner
from taking, similar actions in the future and our general partner may elect to modify the incentive distributions without considering the interests of the holders of the Class A shares. Any modification to the IDRs may be based on assumptions that may not be realized, which may reduce cash distributions to you. Our general partner has the right to approve any waiver, reduction, limitation or modification to PAA's IDRs without the consent of our
shareholders. In determining whether or not to approve any such modification, our general partner's board of directors or its conflicts committee may consider whatever information it subjectively
believes is adequate in making such determination. Our general partner's board of directors or its conflicts committee must also subjectively believe that any such modification is fair and reasonable
to us. Our general partner's board is not obligated to refer any such matters to the conflicts committee. Any determination with respect to such modification could include consideration of one or more
financial cases based on a number of business, industry, economic, legal, regulatory and other assumptions applicable to the proposed transaction. The assumptions will generally involve current
estimates of future conditions, which are difficult to predict and realization of many of the assumptions will be beyond our general partner's control. Moreover, the uncertainty and risk of inaccuracy
associated with any financial projection will increase with the length of the forecasted 24 Table of Contents period.
To the extent such assumptions are not realized, the expected benefits from increases in distributions from PAA to AAP may not materialize, and our distributions to our Class A
shareholders may be reduced. A reduction in PAA's distributions will disproportionately affect the amount of cash distributions to which AAP is currently entitled. AAP's ownership of PAA's IDRs entitle it to receive increasing percentages, up to 48%, to the extent not modified, of all cash
distributed by PAA above specified levels. A decrease in the amount of distributions paid by PAA to less than $0.3375 per unit per quarter would reduce AAP's percentage of the incremental cash
distributions above $0.225 per common unit per quarter from 48% to 23%. As a result, any such reduction in quarterly cash distributions from PAA would have the effect of disproportionately reducing
the amount of distributions that AAP receives from PAA in respect of the IDRs as compared to cash distributions PAA makes with respect to its 2% general partner interest and common units. PAA may issue additional limited partner interests or other equity securities, which may increase the risk that PAA will not have sufficient available cash to maintain or
increase its cash distribution level. PAA has wide latitude to issue additional limited partner interests on the terms and conditions established by its general partner. AAP
receives cash distributions from PAA on its direct and indirect partnership interests in PAA. Because the vast majority of the cash we receive from AAP is attributable to its ownership of the IDRs,
payment of distributions on additional PAA limited partner interests may incre