Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of
risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing in our common stock.
The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our common
stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Our Industry Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects, and may increase the risk of your investment. We were founded in 2005 and shipped our first products in
2007. The majority of our revenue growth has occurred since 2009. In addition, our management team has only been working together for a relatively short period of time. Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current
business and our future prospects, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving
industries, including the risks described in this prospectus. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business and operating results will be adversely affected, and our stock price could decline. Further, we have limited historic
financial data, and we operate in a rapidly evolving market. As such, any predictions about our future revenue and expenses may not be as accurate as they would be if we had a longer operating history or operated in a more predictable market. Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth
in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our operating results will be adversely affected. We have experienced rapid growth and increased demand for our products over the last few years. Our employee
headcount and number of end-customers have increased significantly, and we expect to continue to grow our headcount significantly over the next 12 months. For example, from the end of fiscal 2011 to the end of fiscal 2012, our headcount increased
from more than 400 to more than 750 employees, and our number of end-customers increased from approximately 4,700 to over 9,000 during the same period. The growth and expansion of our business and product and service offerings places a
continuous significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. As we have grown, we have increasingly managed more complex deployments of our products and services with larger end-customers. To manage any future growth
effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to
our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and we may discover deficiencies in our existing systems and processes. We have licensed technology from third parties, which we are in the process of implementing, to help us accomplish
this objective. We also intend to launch a new enterprise resource planning system in the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party software,
which could disrupt existing customer relationships, cause us to lose customers, limit us to smaller deployments of our products or increase our technical support costs. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate
in the intended manner, may result in our inability to manage the growth of our business and to accurately forecast our revenue, expenses, and earnings, or to prevent certain losses. In addition, our systems and processes may not prevent or detect
all errors, omissions, or fraud. Our productivity and the quality of our products and services may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees quickly and effectively. Any future growth would add complexity to our
organization and require -11- Table of Contents effective coordination throughout our organization. For example, as a result of growth in our employee headcount, on September 20, 2012, we entered into two lease agreements for an aggregate
of approximately 300,000 square feet of space in Santa Clara, California to serve as our new corporate headquarters beginning in November 2013. We expect to incur additional expense in connection with these leases and the relocation of our
headquarters, and we expect that the relocation could disrupt our operations and distract our management team. Failure to manage any future growth effectively could result in increased costs, negatively impact our end-customers’ satisfaction
with our products and services, and harm our operating results. Our operating results are likely to vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the trading price of our common
stock to decline. Our operating results
have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that this trend will continue as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: • our ability to attract and retain new end-customers; • the budgeting cycles and purchasing practices of end-customers; • changes in end-customer, distributor or reseller requirements, or market needs; • changes in the growth rate of the enterprise network security market; • the timing and success of new product and service introductions by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive landscape of our
industry, including consolidation among our competitors or end-customers; • deferral of orders from end-customers in anticipation of new products or product enhancements announced by us or our competitors; • our ability to successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; • our ability to increase the size of our distribution channel; • decisions by potential end-customers to purchase enterprise network security solutions from larger, more established security vendors or from their
primary network equipment vendors; • price competition; • changes in end-customer attach rates and renewal rates for our services; • insolvency or credit difficulties confronting our customers, which could adversely affect their ability to purchase or pay for our products and
services, or confronting our key suppliers, including our sole source suppliers, which could disrupt our supply chain; • any disruption in our channel or termination of our relationship with important channel partners, including as a result of consolidation among
distributors and resellers of network security solutions; • our inability to fulfill our end-customers’ orders due to supply chain delays or events that impact our manufacturers or their suppliers; • the cost and potential outcomes of existing and future litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; • seasonality or cyclical fluctuations in our markets; • future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; • the impact on our overall effective tax rate caused by any reorganization in our corporate structure or any changes in our valuation allowance for
domestic deferred tax assets; • increases or decreases in our expenses caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, as an increasing portion of our expenses are incurred
and paid in currencies other than the U.S. dollar; and • general economic conditions, both domestically and in our foreign markets. Any one of the factors above or the cumulative effect of some of the factors referred to above may result in
significant fluctuations in our financial and other operating results. This variability and unpredictability could result in our failure to meet our revenue or other operating result expectations or those of securities analysts or -12- Table of Contents investors for a particular period. If we fail to meet or exceed such expectations for these or any other reasons, the market price of our common stock could fall substantially, and we could face
costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. We are involved in litigation in which Juniper alleges that our appliances infringe seven of its patents. If Juniper prevails in the litigation, we
could be required to pay substantial damages for past sales of any infringing appliances, enjoined from manufacturing, using, selling, and importing such appliances if a license or other right to continue selling our appliances is not made available
to us, and required to pay substantial ongoing royalties and comply with unfavorable terms if such a license is made available to us. In December 2011, Juniper Networks, Inc. filed a lawsuit against us in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware,
alleging that our appliances infringe six of its U.S. patents. One or both of Nir Zuk and Yuming Mao are named inventors on each of the patents being asserted against us. Both Mr. Zuk and Mr. Mao were employed by NetScreen Technologies,
Inc., which was acquired by Juniper in April 2004. Mr. Zuk left Juniper in 2005 and founded Palo Alto Networks in that same year. Mr. Mao joined Palo Alto Networks in 2006. Juniper seeks preliminary and permanent injunctions against
infringement, treble damages, and attorney’s fees. On February 9, 2012, we filed an answer to Juniper’s complaint, which denied that we infringed Juniper’s patents and asserted that Juniper’s patents were invalid. On February