” in this prospectus for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described below. Overview We are a genetic medicines company focused on developing transformative therapies for rare, monogenic CNS, disorders with limited or no approved treatment options. Our vision is to finally fulfill the promise of gene therapy by developing groundbreaking therapies that transform the lives of patients with rare monogenic CNS diseases. To achieve our vision, we have assembled a world-class team whose members have decades of collective experience in genetic medicines and rare disease drug development and commercialization. The field of genetic medicine is rapidly expanding and we believe we have a differentiated approach to developing treatments for rare, monogenic CNS disorders that enables us to select and advance product candidates with a higher probability of technical and regulatory success. We have entered into a strategic research collaboration with the Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania’s, or Penn’s, Gene Therapy Program, or GTP, headed by Dr. James Wilson, a leader in the genetic medicines field. We also leverage our close working relationship with Penn’s ODC to develop historical and prospective comparable natural history patient profiles for comparison to participants in interventional trials. Through these collaborations we have assembled a deep portfolio of genetic medicine product candidates, to all of which we retain global rights. We were incorporated in July 2017 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Since inception, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to acquiring and developing product and technology rights, conducting research and development, organizing and staffing our company, business planning and raising capital. We have incurred recurring losses, the majority of which are attributable to research and development activities, and negative cash flows from operations. Historically, we have funded our operations through the sale of convertible preferred stock and then, in the first quarter of 2020, we closed our IPO and received net proceeds of $227.5 million. Our net loss was $28.5 million and $73.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. As of September 30, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $132.0 million. Our primary use of cash is to fund operating expenses, which consist primarily of research and development expenditures, and to a lesser extent, general and administrative expenditures. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of one or more of our current or future product candidates. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future as we advance our product candidates through all stages of development and clinical trials and, ultimately, seek regulatory approval. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to continue to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials and our expenditures on other research and development activities. We will need to raise substantial additional capital to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we plan to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, which may include collaborations with other companies or other strategic transactions. There are no assurances that we will be successful in obtaining an adequate level of financing as and when needed to finance our operations on terms acceptable to us or at all. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed could have a negative impact on our financial condition and on our ability to pursue our business plans and strategies. If we are unable to secure adequate additional 72 TABLE OF CONTENTS funding, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more product candidates or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. As of September 30, 2020, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $335.7 million. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with the net proceeds from this offering, will enable us to fund our operations for at least 24 months. COVID-19 impact We are continuing to proactively monitor and assess the current coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, global pandemic. Since early March we have activated a management team taskforce to assess and monitor the potential impact on our business that may result from this rapidly evolving crisis and to avoid any unnecessary potential delays to our programs. At this time, our lead programs and research activities remain on track. To date, we and our collaborators, including Penn and Catalent, have continued to operate without material impact on our programs. In addition, in response to the pandemic, we have implemented or are planning to implement various strategies to minimize any disruptions to our planned clinical studies, including remote clinical assessments, concierge services and structured video capture of participants in their home. The safety and well-being of employees, patients and partners is our highest priority. Financial operations overview License agreement University of Pennsylvania In May 2020, we entered into an amended and restated research, collaboration and licensing agreement, or the Penn Agreement, with Penn, for research and development collaborations and exclusive license rights to patents for certain products and technologies, which superseded the sponsored research, collaboration and licensing agreement that we entered into with Penn in September 2018. Under the Penn Agreement, in addition to the obligation to fund certain research relating to the preclinical development of our six licensed programs, we will fund discovery research conducted by Penn for five years, beginning in May 2020, and will receive exclusive rights, subject to certain limitations, to technologies resulting from the discovery program for Passage Bio products developed with GTP, such as novel capsids, toxicity reduction technologies and delivery and formulation improvements. Our funding commitment is $5.0 million a year for five years, with quarterly payments of $1.3 million. Under the Penn Agreement we have 11 options available to us to commence additional licensed programs for rare, monogenic CNS indications until May 2025. If we were to exercise any of these 11 options, we would owe Penn a non-refundable upfront fee of $1.0 million per product indication and be obligated to fund certain research relating to the preclinical development of these licensed programs. The Penn Agreement requires that we make payments of up to $16.5 million per product candidate in aggregate upon the achievement of specific development milestone events by such licensed product for a first indication, reduced development milestone payments for the second and third indications and no development milestone payments for subsequent indications. In addition, on a product by product basis, we are obligated to make up to $55.0 million in sales milestone payments on each licensed product based on annual sales of the licensed product in excess of defined thresholds. Upon successful commercialization of a product using the licensed technology, we are obligated to pay to Penn, on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, tiered royalties (subject to customary reductions) in the mid-single digits on annual worldwide net sales of such licensed product. In addition, we are obligated to pay to Penn a percentage of sublicensing income, ranging from the mid-single digits to low double digits, for sublicenses under the Penn Agreement. Collaboration and manufacturing and supply agreements Catalent We have a collaboration agreement with Catalent Maryland, Inc., or Catalent (formerly Paragon Bioservices, Inc.), or the Catalent Collaboration Agreement. As part of the Catalent Collaboration Agreement, we paid Catalent 73 TABLE OF CONTENTS an upfront fee for the commissioning, qualification, validation and equipping of a clean room suite. Subject to validation of the clean room suite, which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2020, we will pay an annual fee for five years for the use of the clean room suite. We have commenced manufacturing operations in the suite to support AAV production for our lead gene therapy product candidates for the treatment of rare monogenic CNS disorders. In April 2020, we entered into a development services and clinical supply agreement, or the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement, with Catalent to secure clinical scale manufacturing capacity for batches of active pharmaceutical ingredients for our gene therapy product candidates. The Manufacturing and Supply Agreement provides for a term of five years which period may be extended once, at our option, for an additional five year-period. The Manufacturing and Supply Agreement confirms the terms contemplated by the Collaboration Agreement. The Collaboration Agreement continues to be in effect pursuant to its terms. Under both the Catalent Collaboration Agreement and the Manufacturing and Supply Agreement, we have an annual minimum commitment of $10.6 million per year owed 