Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information set forth in this prospectus, you
should carefully consider the factors discussed below when considering an investment in our common stock. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, results of operations and financial
condition could suffer significantly. As a result, you could lose some or all of your investment in our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business. Risks Related to our Business We currently have no product revenues and no products approved for marketing, and will need to raise additional capital to operate our business. To date, we have generated no product revenues. Until, and unless, we receive approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration,
or FDA, and other regulatory authorities overseas for one or more of our drug candidates, we cannot market or sell our products and will not have product revenues. Currently, our only drug candidates are neratinib (oral), neratinib (intravenous) and
PB357, and none of these products has been approved by the FDA for sale in the United States or by other regulatory authorities for sale outside the United States. Moreover, each of these drug candidates is in the early stages of development and
will require significant time and capital before we can even apply for approval from the FDA. Therefore, for the foreseeable future, we do not expect to achieve any product revenues and will have to fund all of our operations and capital
expenditures from cash on hand, licensing fees and grants, and potentially, future offerings of our securities. Following this financing, we believe that our cash on hand is sufficient to fund our operations for the next two years. However, changes
may occur that would consume our available capital faster than anticipated, including changes in and progress of our development activities, acquisitions of additional drug candidates and changes in regulation. In such situations, we may need to
seek additional sources of financing, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. If we do not succeed in timely raising additional funds on acceptable terms, we may be unable to complete planned pre-clinical and clinical trials or
obtain approval of any drug candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. In addition, we could be forced to discontinue product development and forego attractive business opportunities. Any additional sources of financing will likely
involve the issuance of additional equity securities, which will have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. We have a limited
operating history and are not profitable and may never become profitable. We were formed in April 2007 and were a
“shell” company with no specific business plan or purpose until we acquired Former Puma on October 4, 2011. Former Puma was a development-stage company formed in September 2010 and, prior to entering into the license agreement with
Pfizer in August 2011, its operations were limited to identifying compounds for in-licensing. As a result, we have a history of operating losses and no meaningful operations upon which to evaluate our business. We expect to incur substantial losses
and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future as we continue development of our drug candidates, which we do not expect will be commercially available for a number of years, if at all. Even if we succeed in developing and
commercializing one or more drug candidates, we expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. The successful development and commercialization of any drug candidates will require us to perform a
variety of functions, including: • undertaking pre-clinical development and clinical trials; • hiring additional personnel; • participating in regulatory approval processes; • formulating and manufacturing products; 11 Table of Contents • initiating and conducting sales and marketing activities; and • implementing additional internal systems and infrastructure. We will likely need to raise additional capital in order to fund our business and generate significant revenue in order to achieve and
maintain profitability. We may not be able to generate this revenue, raise additional capital or achieve profitability in the future. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability could negatively impact the value of our common stock. We are heavily dependent on the success of neratinib (oral), our lead drug candidate, which is still under clinical development, and we cannot be
certain that neratinib (oral) will receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized even if we receive regulatory approval. We currently have no products that are approved for commercial sale and may never be able to develop marketable drug products. We expect that a substantial portion of our efforts and expenditures over the
next few years will be devoted to our lead drug candidate, neratinib (oral). Accordingly, our business currently depends heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of neratinib (oral). We cannot be certain that
neratinib (oral) will receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized even if we receive regulatory approval. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, sale, marketing and distribution of drug products are and will
remain subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries that each have differing regulations. We are not permitted to market neratinib (oral) in the United States until it receives
approval of a New Drug Application, or NDA, from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until it receives the requisite approval from such countries. We have not submitted an NDA to the FDA or comparable applications to other regulatory authorities
and do not expect to be in a position to do so for the foreseeable future. Obtaining approval of an NDA is an extensive, lengthy, expensive and inherently uncertain process, and the FDA may delay, limit or deny approval of neratinib (oral) for many
reasons, including: • we may not be able to demonstrate that neratinib (oral) is safe and effective as a treatment for our targeted indications to the satisfaction of the
FDA; • the results of its clinical studies may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA for marketing approval; • the FDA may disagree with the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of our clinical studies; • the clinical research organization, or CRO, that we retain to conduct clinical studies may take actions outside of our control that materially
adversely impact our clinical studies; • the FDA may not find the data from pre-clinical studies and clinical studies sufficient to demonstrate that the clinical and other benefits of
neratinib (oral) outweigh its safety risks; • the FDA may disagree with our interpretation of data from our pre-clinical studies and clinical studies or may require that we conduct additional
studies; • the FDA may not accept data generated at our clinical study sites; • if our NDA is reviewed by an advisory committee, the FDA may have difficulties scheduling an advisory committee meeting in a timely manner or the
advisory committee may recommend against approval of our application or may recommend that the FDA require, as a condition of approval, additional pre-clinical studies or clinical studies, limitations on approved labeling or distribution and use
restrictions; 12 Table of Contents • the advisory committee may recommend that the FDA require, as a condition of approval, additional pre-clinical studies or clinical studies, limitations
on approved labeling or distribution and use restrictions; • the FDA may require development of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, as a condition of approval; • the FDA may identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of our third-party manufacturers; or • the FDA may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations. Clinical trials are very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. Each of our drug candidates is still in development and will require extensive clinical testing before we are prepared to submit an NDA for regulatory approval. We cannot predict with any certainty if or
when we might submit an NDA for regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates or whether any such NDA will be approved by the FDA. Human clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject
to rigorous regulatory requirements. The clinical trial process is also time-consuming. We estimate that clinical trials of our drug candidates will take at least several years to complete. Furthermore, failure can occur at any stage of the trials,
and we could encounter problems that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. The commencement and completion of clinical trials may be delayed by several factors, including: • failure to obtain regulatory and approval to commence a trial; • unforeseen safety issues; • determination of dosing issues; • lack of effectiveness during clinical trials; • inability to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites; • slower than expected rates of patient recruitment; • failure to manufacture sufficient quantities of a drug candidate for use in clinical trials; • inability to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment; and • inability or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols. Further, we, the FDA or an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, may suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that we or our
collaborators are fail