—Risks Related to Our 85 Table of Contents Financial
Condition and Capital Requirements—Under our financing arrangement with Paul Capital, upon the occurrence of certain events, Paul Capital may require us to repurchase the right
to receive royalty payments that we assigned to it, or may foreclose on certain assets that secure our obligations to Paul Capital. Any exercise by Paul Capital of its right to cause us to repurchase
the assigned right or any foreclosure by Paul Capital would adversely affect our results of operations and our financial condition." Feasibility Agreements with Third Parties In the ordinary course of our business activities, we enter into feasibility agreements with third parties who desire access to our
proprietary DepoFoam technology to conduct research, feasibility and formulation work. Under these agreements, we are compensated to perform feasibility testing on a third-party product to determine
the likelihood of developing a successful formulation of that product using our proprietary DepoFoam technology. If successful in the feasibility stage, these programs can advance to a full
development contract. Currently, we are actively engaged in two feasibility assessments for third parties. Manufacturing We manufacture DepoCyt(e) and DepoDur for our various commercial partners. We also manufacture all of our clinical and commercial
supplies of EXPAREL. We manufacture our products in two manufacturing facilities. These facilities are designated as Building 1 and Building 6 and are located within two miles of each other on two
separate and distinct sites in San Diego, California. Both of our facilities are inspected regularly and approved for pharmaceutical manufacturing by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency, or the
EMA, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, or the MHRA, the Drug Enforcement Administration, or the DEA, and the Environmental Protection Agency, or the EPA. We
provide DepoCyt(e) and DepoDur to our commercial partners on a set cost basis as established by each specific licensing contract. All manufacturing of products, initial product
release and stability testing are conducted by us in accordance with cGMP. Building
1 is an approximately 80,000 square foot concrete structure located on a five acre site. It was custom built as a pharmaceutical R&D and manufacturing facility in August 1995.
Activities in this facility include the manufacture of EXPAREL bulk pharmaceutical product candidate in a dedicated production line and its fill/finish into vials, the manufacture of the DepoDur bulk
commercial pharmaceutical product, microbiological and quality control testing, product storage, development of analytical methods, research and development, the coordination of clinical and
regulatory functions, and general administrative functions. We are renovating the dedicated EXPAREL production line to expand its capacity. This production line is designed to meet forecasted market
demands after initial launch of EXPAREL. We have current plans to further expand our manufacturing capacity to meet future demand. Building
6 is located in a 17-acre pharmaceutical industrial park. It is a two story concrete masonry structure built in 1977 that we and our predecessors have leased since
August 1993. We occupy approximately 22,000 square feet of the first floor. Building 6 houses the current manufacturing process for DepoCyt(e), the fill/finish of DepoCyt(e) and DepoDur into vials, a
pilot plant suite for new product development and early stage clinical product production, a microbiology laboratory and miscellaneous support and maintenance areas. Distribution
of our DepoFoam products, including EXPAREL, requires cold-chain distribution, whereby a product must be maintained between specified temperatures. We have
validated processes for continuous monitoring of temperature from manufacturing through delivery to the end-user. We and our partners have utilized similar cold-chain processes
for DepoCyt(e) and DepoDur. 86 Table of Contents Intellectual Property and Exclusivity We seek to protect our product candidates and our technology through a combination of patents, trade secrets, proprietary
know-how, regulatory exclusivity and contractual restrictions on disclosure. Patents and Patent Applications We seek to protect the proprietary position of our product candidates by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent
applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development of our business. As of September 30, 2011, there are over 15 families of
patents and patent applications relating to various aspects of the DepoFoam delivery technology. Patents have been issued in numerous countries, with an emphasis on the North American, European and
Japanese markets. These patents generally have a term of 20 years from the date of the nonprovisional filing unless referring to an earlier filed application. Some of our U.S. patents have a
term from 17 years from the grant date. Our issued patents expire at various dates in the future, with the last currently issued patent expiring in 2019. All of these patent families are
assigned solely to us, with the exception of one family relating to DepoFoam formulations of insulin-like growth factor I, which is jointly assigned to us and Novartis Vaccines and
Diagnostics, Inc. (formerly Chiron Corporation). In addition, two patents have been filed within the last year relating to either DepoFoam-based products or processes for making DepoFoam. In
regard to patents providing protection for EXPAREL, issued patents in the United States relating to the composition of the product candidate and methods for modifying the rate of drug
release of the product candidate expire in November 2013 and January 2017, respectively. Pending U.S. applications relating to the composition of the product candidate and the process for making the
product candidate, if granted, would expire in September 2018 and November 2018, respectively. In Europe, granted patents related to the composition of the product candidate expire in November 2014
and September 2018. Pending applications in Europe relating to methods of modifying the rate of drug release of the product candidate and the process for making the product candidate, if granted,
would expire in January 2018 and November 2018, respectively. In April 2010, a provisional patent was filed relating to a new process to manufacture EXPAREL and other DepoFoam-based products. The
process offers many advantages to the current process, including larger scale production and lower manufacturing
costs. In April 2011, we filed a non-provisional patent application which, if granted, could prevent others from using this process until 2031. Furthermore, a non-exclusively
licensed patent of ours relating to EXPAREL was allowed in Europe with an expiration date in October 2021 and was extended in the United States until October 2023. Trade Secrets and Proprietary Information Trade secrets play an important role in protecting DepoFoam-based products and provide protection beyond patents and regulatory
exclusivity. The scale-up and commercial manufacture of DepoFoam products involves processes, custom equipment, and in-process and release analytical techniques that we believe
are unique to us. The expertise and knowledge required to understand the critical aspects of DepoFoam manufacturing steps requires knowledge of both traditional and non-traditional
emulsion processing and traditional pharmaceutical production, overlaid with all of the challenges presented by aseptic manufacturing. We seek to protect our proprietary information, including our
trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants and other advisors to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement
of their employment or engagement. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information developed or made known during the course of the relationship with us be kept confidential and
not be disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of our employees, the agreements also typically provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us,
utilizing our property or relating to our business and conceived or completed during 87 Table of Contents employment
shall be our exclusive property to the extent permitted by law. Where appropriate, agreements we obtain with our consultants also typically contain similar assignment of invention
obligations. Further, we require confidentiality agreements from entities that receive our confidential data or materials. Competition The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change.
Our competitors include organizations such as major multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and generic drug companies. Many of
our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we have, such as more commercial resources, larger research and development staffs and more extensive marketing and manufacturing
organizations. As a result, these companies may obtain marketing approval more rapidly than we are able and may be more effective in
selling and marketing their products. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Our
competitors may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis technologies and drug products that are more effective or less costly than EXPAREL or any other
products that we are currently selling through partners or developing or that we may develop, which could render our products obsolete and noncompetitive. We expect any products that we develop and
commercialize to co