” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. Our fiscal year ends on December 31. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in
this prospectus to “we,” “us,” “our,” “our company” and “Vaxcyte” refer to Vaxcyte, Inc. Overview We are a next-generation
vaccine company seeking to improve global health by developing superior and novel vaccines designed to prevent or treat some of the most common and deadly infectious diseases worldwide. Our cell-free protein synthesis platform enables us to design
and produce protein carriers and antigens, the critical building blocks of vaccines, in ways that we believe conventional vaccine technologies currently cannot. Our pipeline includes pneumococcal conjugate vaccine, or PCV, candidates that we believe
are the most broad-spectrum PCV candidates currently in development, targeting the $7 billion global pneumococcal vaccine market. Our lead vaccine candidate, VAX-24, is a 24-valent investigational PCV
that we expect to advance into clinical trials in the second half of 2021. Our cell-free protein synthesis platform, which is comprised
of the XpressCF platform exclusively licensed from Sutro Biopharma, Inc., or Sutro Biopharma, and our proprietary know-how, offers several advantages over conventional cell-based protein expression methods,
which we believe enable us to generate superior, novel, more broad-spectrum and/or more immunogenic vaccines. In the context of conjugate vaccines, we believe we can add more antigenic strains without compromising the overall immune response. In
particular, our ability to specify the attachment point of antigens, including polysaccharides, on protein carriers represents a significant improvement over the random conjugation that occurs with conventional technologies. This site-specific
conjugation is designed to ensure that B-cell and/or T-cell epitopes are optimally exposed, maximizing the immune response, whereas random conjugation blocks these critical immunogenic epitopes, dampening the
immune response and causing a phenomenon known as carrier suppression. We believe this precise control of conjugation chemistry enables us to design broader-spectrum conjugate vaccine candidates using carrier-sparing conjugates that use less protein
carrier without sacrificing immunogenicity. We are also able to design novel conjugate vaccine candidates using standard amounts of protein carrier to generate heightened immunogenicity. Beyond conjugate vaccines, we believe we can also design novel
protein vaccine candidates based on well-appreciated but highly complex antigens that currently cannot be made with conventional technologies to address diseases for which there are no available vaccines. The global vaccine market was $36 billion in 2018 and is expected to grow at an 8% compound annual growth rate, or CAGR, to approximately
$58 billion by 2025. The global pneumococcal vaccine market has grown rapidly over the last two decades, reaching $7 billion in sales in 2019, and is expected to grow to $10 billion by 2025. The two leading pneumococcal vaccine
franchises, Pneumovax and Prevnar, have generated over $100 billion in combined sales and have been on the market for over 40 years and 20 years, respectively. The major types of pneumococcal disease are pneumonia (lung infection),
bacteremia (bloodstream infection) and meningitis (infection of the tissue surrounding the brain and spinal cord). According to the American Thoracic Society, pneumonia is the world’s leading cause of death among children under five years of
age, accounting for 16% of all deaths in the age group. Pneumonia is also the most common cause of unplanned hospitalization in the United States and affects both children and adults. There are currently more than 90 circulating strains of
pneumococcus, of which approximately one-third are known to be pathogenic. 1 Table of Contents The current vaccine standard of care for pneumococcal disease includes the combination of
Merck’s Pneumovax 23 and Pfizer’s Prevnar 13 for adults, and Pfizer’s Prevnar 13 for infants. Pneumovax 23 is a polysaccharide vaccine that protects against 23 strains of pneumococcus but is not thought to protect against
pneumonia and provides only transient protection against bacteremia in adults, and is not effective in children under two years of age. Prevnar 13 is a PCV that protects against only 13 strains of pneumococcus but offers significantly better
immunogenicity, protects against pneumonia and is suitable for both adults and infants. Routine immunization with PCVs has been effective in dramatically lowering the incidence of invasive pneumococcal disease, or IPD, in both adults and children in
the United States and other industrialized nations. However, due to a phenomenon called serotype replacement, strains that are not covered by existing vaccines are increasing in prevalence. In 2016, over 75% of IPD incidence in both children and
adults was caused by strains beyond the 13 strains covered by Prevnar 13. Efforts to improve upon current standard of care vaccines center around expanding the valency of PCVs to address the strains driving residual pneumococcal disease. However,
limitations due to conventional conjugation chemistry and carrier suppression have complicated those efforts, and there remains a growing need for broader-spectrum PCVs, as evidenced by the fact that despite Prevnar 13’s superior immunogenicity
profile, Pneumovax 23 remains universally recommended in adults, given its broader-spectrum coverage. The U.S. Centers for Disease
Control, or CDC, its Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, or ACIP, and similar international advisory bodies develop vaccine recommendations for both children and adults. New pediatric vaccines that receive ACIP preferred recommendations
are almost universally adopted, and adult vaccines that receive a preferred recommendation are widely adopted. We believe that our PCVs will be well-positioned to obtain these preferred recommendations, by
virtue of their broader spectrum, which could drive rapid and significant market adoption. Although we believe that our vaccine
candidates have the potential to be widely adopted, we have not received regulatory approval for any of our vaccine candidates, and in order to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our vaccine candidates, the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, or FDA, European Medicines Agency, or EMA, or other regulatory agencies will need to determine that our vaccine candidates are safe and effective. Obtaining such approval will require that we successfully complete additional studies
and there can be no assurance that the results of such studies will be similar to our earlier studies. As such, we may not obtain regulatory approval for any of our vaccine candidates, and competing vaccines may ultimately reach the market faster or
have more favorable safety and efficacy profiles than our vaccine candidates. 2 Table of Contents Our Pipeline We carefully select our target disease areas and vaccine candidates to address areas of significant unmet medical need based on the following
criteria: well-defined commercial landscape and efficient market adoption, low biological risk and established clinical pathways. The following table summarizes our current pipeline: (1) For the Polysaccharide/Alum comparator, we used 23 polysaccharides in Pneumovax 23 and 9 additional polysaccharides
with alum for comparison. Our lead vaccine candidate, VAX-24, is a preclinical, 24-valent PCV designed to provide the broad-spectrum coverage of Pneumovax 23 with an immunogenicity profile comparable to Prevnar 13. Our second PCV, known as VAX-XP, builds on the technical proof
of concept established by VAX-24 and would, if approved, expand the breadth of coverage to at least 30 strains, including emerging strains responsible for IPD and antibiotics resistance, without compromising immunogenicity due to carrier
suppression. Our preclinical proof of concept studies for VAX-24 measured serotype-specific IgG antibody responses, the surrogate
endpoint for pediatrics, and opsonophagocytic activity, or OPA, responses, the surrogate endpoint for adults of our vaccine candidates against Prevnar 13 and Pneumovax 23. In these studies, our vaccine candidates have shown comparable
responses to the 13 common strains in Prevnar 13 and superior responses to the 23 common strains in Pneumovax 23. We believe our PCVs
could receive regulatory approval based on a demonstration of non-inferiority to the standard of care using well-defined surrogate immune endpoints, consistent with how other PCVs have obtained regulatory approval in the past, rather than requiring
clinical field efficacy studies. We conducted a pre-investigational new drug, or IND, meeting with the FDA in December 2019 to obtain feedback on our VAX-24 chemistry, manufacturing and controls plan, or CMC plan, as well as our non-clinical and
clinical design plans to support our IND application. Based on FDA comments and feedback, our proposed timelines, including IND filing and clinical plans, remain materially unchanged. We expect to submit an IND application for VAX-24 to the FDA and
initiate our Phase 1/2 clinical proof-of-concept study in the second half of 2021. We expect to announce topline data from this study in 2022. In addition to our PCV franchise, we are developing a novel conjugate vaccine candidate for Group A Strep. Group A Strep causes
700 million cases worldwide each year, the majority of which are of pharyngitis, 3 Table of Contents commonly known as strep throat, worldwide each year and increases the risk for severe invasive infections, such as sepsis, necrotizing fasciitis and toxic shock syndrome. There is currently no
vaccine against Group A Strep. In September 2019, we announced a grant 