You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we
currently deem immaterial may also impair our business. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing
these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in this prospectus, including the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated
financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Business Risks We have a limited operating history and may not be able to sustain or grow our profitability or generate positive cash flows from operations. We were founded in 2004 and did not generate any revenue until 2007. Moreover, while we have successfully developed, obtained regulatory clearance or
approval for, and introduced a number of products in the neuro market since 2007, we first introduced products in the peripheral vascular and neurosurgical markets in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Accordingly, we only have a limited operating history
upon which investors can evaluate our business and prospects, and this limited operating history may not be indicative of our future results. Since 2009, we have been generally profitable on an annual basis; however, we incurred operating losses in
2013, and we are not currently cash-flow positive. We can give no assurance that we will be profitable or cash-flow positive in the future. We expect that our general and administrative and sales and marketing expenses will increase to support our anticipated growth as well as the additional
operational and reporting costs associated with being a public company. We have also expended significant amounts on research and development to develop and fund clinical testing of our products, and we expect to continue to do so. We also expend
significant amounts on maintaining inventory levels of raw materials, components and finished products to meet anticipated customer demand. In addition, our coil products are sold on a consignment basis, which requires us to expend significant
amounts on inventory that is placed at many customer locations. Our ability to sustain our growth and profitability and become cash-flow positive may be influenced by many factors, including: • our ability to achieve and maintain market acceptance of our products; • unanticipated problems and additional costs relating to the development and testing of new products; • our ability to introduce, manufacture at scale and commercialize new products; • our ability to produce sufficient quantities of our products to meet demand and to smoothly transition to new products; • the impact of competition; • the timing and impact of market and regulatory developments; • our ability to expand into new markets; • pricing pressure from competitors; • the availability and adequacy of third-party reimbursement for procedures in which our products are used; and • our ability to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection for our products and technologies. If we encounter difficulties with any of the foregoing or unexpected expenses, it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows. 10 Table of Contents Our existing products may be rendered obsolete and we may be unable to effectively introduce and market new products
or may fail to keep pace with advances in technology. The medical device market is characterized by rapidly advancing technology. Our
success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate technological advancements and competitive innovations and introduce new products to adapt to these advancements and innovations. To compete in the marketplace, we have made, and we must
continue to make, substantial investments in new product development, whether internally through research and development or externally through licensing or acquisitions. We can give no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, developing
or acquiring, and marketing new products or enhancing our existing products. In addition, we can give no assurance that new products or alternative treatment techniques developed by competitors will not render our current or future products obsolete
or inferior, technologically or economically. The success of any new products that we develop or acquire depends on achieving and maintaining market
acceptance. Market acceptance for our current and new products could be affected by a number of factors, including: • our ability to market and distribute our products effectively; • the availability, perceived efficacy and pricing of alternative products from our competitors; • the development of new products or alternative treatments by others that render our products and technologies obsolete; • the price, quality, effectiveness and reliability of our products; • our customer service and reputation; • our ability to convince specialist physicians to use our products on their patients; and • the timing of market entry of new products or alternative treatments. Our competition may respond more
quickly to new or emerging technologies or a changing clinical landscape, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have greater financial, marketing and other resources than us or be more successful in attracting potential customers and
strategic partners. Given these factors, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue or increase our level of success. Our failure to introduce new and innovative products in a timely manner, and our inability to maintain or grow the
market acceptance of our existing products, could result in permanent write-downs or write-offs of our inventory and otherwise have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Delays in product introductions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The medical device market is highly competitive and designs change often to adjust to shifting market preferences and other factors. Therefore, product
life cycles are relatively short. As a result, any delays in our product launches may significantly impede our ability to enter or compete in a given market and may reduce the sales that we are able to generate from these products. We may experience
delays in any phase of a product launch, including during research and development, clinical trials, regulatory review, manufacturing and marketing. Delays in product introductions could materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows. We face significant competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may not be able to achieve or
maintain significant market penetration or improve our results of operations. The medical device industry is intensely competitive, subject
to rapid change and significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities of industry participants. We compete with a number of manufacturers and distributors of neuro and peripheral vascular devices. Our most notable
competitors are Boston Scientific, Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic, Stryker and Terumo. All of these competitors are large, well-capitalized companies with longer operating histories and significantly greater resources than us. We also 11 Table of Contents compete with a number of smaller medical device companies that have a single product or a limited range of products. Our competitors may be able to spend more on product development, marketing,
sales and other product initiatives, or be more focused in their spending and activities, than we can. Some of our competitors have: • significantly greater name recognition; • broader or deeper relations with healthcare professionals, customers and third-party payors; • more established distribution networks; • additional lines of products and the ability to offer rebates or bundle products to offer greater discounts or other incentives to gain a competitive advantage; • greater experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, clinical trials, marketing and obtaining regulatory clearance or approval for products; and • greater financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing and patent litigation. We compete primarily on the basis that our products are able to treat patients with neurovascular and peripheral vascular diseases and disorders safely
and effectively, with improved outcomes and procedural cost savings. Our continued success depends on our ability to: • develop innovative, proprietary products that can cost-effectively address significant clinical needs; • continue to innovate and develop scientifically advanced technology; • obtain and maintain regulatory clearances or approvals; • demonstrate efficacy in Penumbra-sponsored and third-party clinical trials and studies; • apply technology across product lines and markets; • attract and retain skilled research and development and sales personnel; and • cost-effectively manufacture and successfully market and sell products. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to compete effectively on the basis of these factors. Additionally, our competitors with greater financial resources could acquire or develop new technologies or products that effectively compete with our existing or future products. If
we are unable to effectively compete, it would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our
future growth depends, in part, on our ability to further penetrate our current customer base and increase the frequency of use of our products by our customers. We will need to continue to make special