—Risks Relating to Our
Business—Sales to a limited number of customers represents a significant portion of our net sales, and the 97 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements loss of any key customer or key program, or the demands of our key customers, could materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition” and “—Our
dependence on a small number of sole or limited source suppliers subjects us to certain risks, including the risk that we may be unable to obtain adequate supplies at a reasonable price and in a timely manner.” In Brazil, our competitors are generally much smaller in scale than we are in terms of revenue and capabilities for manufacturing and for
R&D. To a lesser degree, we compete with companies that import DRAM and Flash components and products. We believe that import duties and local content requirements in Brazil give us an advantage over these companies. As the local market grows,
competition may increase in Brazil. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trade secrets, know-how, trademarks, copyright and, to a lesser extent,
patents to protect our intellectual property rights. As of November 1, 2017, we have 29 issued patents, including 28 patents issued in the United States and one patent issued in South Korea, expiring between 2022 and 2036, excluding any
additional patent term for patent term adjustments. In addition, we have 30 patent applications pending, including 16 patent applications in the United States, seven patent applications in Brazil, five patent applications in Malaysia, one patent
application in South Korea, and one patent application in Argentina. We also own a number of trademark registrations, including registrations in the United States for the word marks MHUB and SMART MODULAR TECHNOLOGIES and for our stylized
“S” logo in combination with the word SMART and, in Brazil, registrations for our stylized “S” logo. While many of
our products contain proprietary aspects, the majority of our products are built to meet industry standards, such as those set by JEDEC, the standards-setting organization for the semiconductor industry. The absence of patent protection for most of
our products means that we cannot prevent our competitors from reverse-engineering and duplicating those products. Much of our intellectual property is know-how and trade secrets, and often we rely on the
technological skills and innovation of our personnel rather than on patent protection. We believe that our continued success depends largely on our customer relationships, manufacturing and support capabilities and the technical expertise we have
developed in manufacturing and designing products, and we rely on trade secret laws and non-disclosure agreements to protect this aspect of our business. Employees As of August 25, 2017, we
had 1,169 full-time employees. Our employee relations in Brazil are subject to Brazilian labor laws and regulations as well as collective
bargaining arrangements that are negotiated every year. Four of these collective bargaining agreements are specific to our company while there are other collective bargaining agreements that are generally applicable to certain segments of the
electronics industry. The applicable labor laws and regulations, as well as the collective bargaining agreements, principally relate to matters such as formal working time compensation, paid annual vacation, paid sick days, length of the workday and
payments for overtime, profit sharing and severance. Although a very small number of our employees in Brazil are members of a labor union, all employees in Brazil are represented by the unions for labor and employment matters. We have never experienced a work stoppage in any of our locations worldwide, and we consider our employee relations to be good. 98 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Facilities We have facilities in Newark, California; Atibaia, Brazil; Penang, Malaysia; New Taipei City, Taiwan; Gilbert, Arizona; Tewksbury,
Massachusetts; Irvine, California; East Kilbride, Scotland; and Seongnam-City, South Korea. Location Facility size (Sq. Feet) Leased or Owned Lease Expiration Capabilities Newark, CA 79,480 Leased April 2021 U.S. Headquarters Procurement R&D Manufacturing Sales Supply Chain Services Atibaia, Brazil 121,632 Leased June 2022 Procurement R&D Manufacturing Sales Penang, Malaysia* 86,730 Owned N/A Procurement R&D Manufacturing Sales Supply Chain Services New Taipei City, Taiwan 13,957 Leased November 2019 Procurement R&D Sales Gilbert, AZ 9,750 Leased February 2019 Procurement R&D Sales Tewksbury, MA 7,666 Leased July 2018 R&D Irvine, CA 4,394 Leased August 2022 Procurement R&D Sales East Kilbride, Scotland 3,300 Leased July 2019 Supply Chain Services Seongnam-City, South Korea 2,836 Leased July 2018 R&D * Our Penang facility is situated on leased land with a term expiring in 2070. We also lease a
number of smaller design, planning and sales facilities worldwide. 99 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Brazilian Local Content Requirements and Other Regulatory Issues Brazilian Local Content Requirements We expect to continue to invest both in maintaining our leadership position, as measured by market share, in our core Brazilian desktop,
notebook and server DRAM businesses and in positioning ourselves to be a leading provider in Brazil for mobile DRAM and Flash memory products. We further expect that local content requirements as well as other government incentive programs in Brazil
will help drive our growth strategies, as significant incentives exist to promote the development of the local IT industry. In Brazil, we participate in three government investment incentive programs. • PPB/IT Program, 1991: Provides for significant relief from various tax provisions for companies that develop or produce computing and automation goods and invest in IT-related R&D in Brazil. OEMs that are PPB/IT Program-compliant and who fulfill the local content requirements receive substantial benefits including a reduction in excise taxes on their purchases from
qualified suppliers as well as a reduction in the taxes that they are required to charge on sales to their end customers. We estimate that the aggregate of the PPB/IT Program-related tax benefits can range from 15% to as high as 36% of the resale
value of the OEMs’ end products. These tax benefits are a strong incentive for OEMs to purchase products from local content manufacturers such as SMART Brazil, our Brazilian operating subsidiary. • Lei do Bem, 2005: Fosters technology innovation in Brazil by providing a reduction in corporate income tax through the allowance of deductions for expenses related to R&D activities. • PADIS, 2007, extended in 2016: Awards incentives and significant tax relief, including reductions in the Brazilian aggregate statutory income tax rates, to semiconductor and display companies that invest in
R&D and that promote the development, design, test and packaging processes in Brazil. Furthermore, combining PADIS with PPB/IT Program-compliance provides additional financial incentives to OEMs that purchase modules that contain components that
are locally processed from wafers. As the leading local manufacturer of desktop, notebook and server DRAM modules and DRAM
components as well as DRAM and Flash mobile memory products in Brazil, as measured by market share, we benefit substantially from these incentives and local content requirements. A cancellation, reduction or other adverse change in any of these
incentives or local content requirements, or our failure to meet these requirements, could have a substantial negative impact on our tax rates and could significantly reduce the demand for, and the profit margins on, our products in Brazil. In 2013, the EU, later joined by Japan, requested the establishment of a panel within the WTO to determine whether certain measures enacted by
the Brazilian government concerning tax incentives and local content requirements for the automotive and several other industries including the IT industry and including PADIS, the PPB/IT Program and Lei do Bem, are inconsistent with WTO rules. In
December 2016, the WTO circulated its report to the parties. This report was released to the public on August 30, 2017. In its report, the panel concluded, among other things, that the tax exemptions, reductions and suspensions granted for the
automotive, IT and other industries amount to subsidies that are inconsistent with the principles of the various WTO agreements, and the panel recommended that Brazil withdraw these subsidies. Government officials in Brazil have expressed their
intent, if necessary, to restructure the incentives to be consistent with the WTO principles and to continue to support local industry; however, there can be no assurance that the programs will ultimately be restructured and implemented or, if
implemented, whether the restructured programs will provide the same level of support as is currently in place. Brazil has appealed the panel’s findings. While we cannot predict the impact of the WTO’s report, this recommendation could
result in significant adverse changes to the local content rules and incentives available to us and our customers in Brazil. Any suspension, early termination or other adverse change in the local content requirements could significantly reduce the
demand for, and the profit margins on, our products in Brazil, and would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 100 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Environmental Regulations Our operations and properties are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions
governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, management and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous materials and wastes, reverse logistics (take-back policy) and remediation of
releases of hazardou