An
investment in our common stock and warrants involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following described
risks together with all other information included in this prospectus before making an investment decision with regard to this
offering. If one or more of the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be
materially harmed, which most likely would result in a decline in the trading price of our common stock and warrants and investors
losing part or even all of their investment. 7 Risks
Relating to Our Financial Condition We
have incurred substantial losses to date and could continue to incur such losses. We
have incurred substantial losses since commencing our current business. For fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2020, we lost approximately
$0.81 million without obtaining any commercial revenues and had an accumulated deficit of approximately $55.40 million. For our
fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, we lost approximately $2.1 million and $4.76 million, respectively, without obtaining
any commercial revenues. In order to achieve and sustain future revenues, we must succeed in our current efforts to commercialize
Kush™ for treatment of dogs and horses suffering from osteoarthritis. That will require us to produce our products effectively
in commercial quantities, establish adequate sales and marketing systems, conduct clinical trials and tests which show the safety
and efficacy of Kush™ in dogs and horses and gain significant support from veterinarians in the use of our products. We
expect to continue to incur losses until such time, if ever, as we succeed in significantly increasing our revenues and cash flow
beyond what is necessary to fund our ongoing operations and pay our obligations as they become due. We may never generate revenues
sufficient to become profitable or to sustain profitability. Our
auditors have expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The
report of our independent registered accounting firm that audited our March 31, 2020 and 2019 financial statements included an
explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as
a going concern is contingent primarily upon our continuing to raise sufficient working capital to support our operations until
attaining profitability, which may never happen. If
we are unable to obtain sufficient funding, we may have to reduce materially or even discontinue our business. As
of September 30, 2020, we had cash or cash equivalents of $169,493. Accordingly, our ability to commercialize our Kush™
products is dependent on our receipt of the net proceeds from this offering. We anticipate that our cash on hand with the net
proceeds from this offering will be adequate to satisfy operational and capital requirements for the next 21 months. If we are
unable to realize substantial revenues in the near future, we will need to seek additional financing beyond this 21-month period
to continue our operations. We also most likely will require additional financing to develop additional new products or to expand
into foreign markets. Along
with establishing effective production, marketing, sales and distribution of our Kush™ products, we believe that our future
capital requirements depend upon the timing and costs of many factors with some of them beyond our control, including our ability
to establish an adequate base of veterinarian clinics using our products, costs in obtaining patents and any required regulatory
approvals for future products, costs of any future target animal studies, costs related to new product development, costs of finished
product inventory, expenses to attract and retain skilled personnel as needed, increased costs related to being a listed public
company, and the costs of any future acquisitions of existing companies or IP technologies. There is no assurance that future
additional capital will be available to us as needed, or if available upon terms acceptable to us. Risks
Relating to Our Business We
have no operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our prospects. We
have had no material commercial operations, since our primary efforts and resources have been directed toward acquiring our technology
to produce and sell proprietary products for the animal market. Our lack of an operating history makes an evaluation of our business
and prospects very difficult. Our prospects must be considered speculative, especially considering the risks, expenses and difficulties
frequently encountered in the establishment of an early-stage company. Our ability to operate our business successfully remains
unknown and untested. If we cannot commercialize our products effectively, or are significantly delayed or limited in doing so,
our business and operations will be harmed substantially, and we may even need to cease operations. 8 We
are substantially dependent upon the success of Kush™ and any failure of Kush™ to achieve market acceptance would
harm us significantly. Our
recent efforts and financial resources have primarily been directed toward commercialization of the Kush™ products for the
treatment of dogs and horses suffering from osteoarthritis. Accordingly, our prospects rely heavily on the successful launch and
follow-up marketing of this products. In addition to establishing effective production, marketing, sales, distribution and training
for the use of Kush™, we believe its successful commercialization will depend on other material factors including our ability
to educate and convince veterinarians and pet owners about the benefits, safety and effectiveness of our Kush™ products,
the occurrence and severity of any side effects to pets from use of our products, maintaining regulatory compliance and effective
quality control for our products, our ability to maintain and enforce our patents and other intellectual property rights, any
increased manufacturing costs from third-party contractors or suppliers, and the availability, cost and effectiveness of treatments
offered by competitors. If
we fail to attract and retain qualified management and key scientific personnel, we may be unable to successfully commercialize
our current products or develop new products effectively. Our
success will significantly be dependent upon our current management and key scientific technicians, and also on our ability to
attract, retain and motivate future management and employees. We are highly dependent upon our current management and technology
personnel, and the loss of the services of any of them could delay or prevent the successful commercialization or development
of current or future products. Competition to obtain qualified personnel in the animal health field is intense due to the limited
number of individuals possessing the skills and experience required by our industry. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified
personnel as needed on acceptable terms, or at all, which would harm our business and operations. Our
operations will rely on third parties to produce our raw materials to produce our products. We
will rely on independent third parties to produce the raw materials (e.g. collagen, elastin and heparin) that we use to produce
our Kush™ products. As such, we will be dependent upon their services and will not be in a position to control their operations
as we might if we directly produced these raw materials. While we believe the raw materials used to manufacture our Kush products
are readily available and can be obtained from multiple reliable sources on a timely basis, circumstances outside our control
may impair our ability to have an adequate supply of raw materials to produce our Kush products. If
we experience the rapid commercial growth we anticipate, we may not be able to manage such growth effectively. We
contemplate rapid growth for our business as we bring our Kush™ products to market and anticipate that will place significant
new demands on our management and our operational and financial resources. Our organizational structure will become more complex
as we add additional personnel, and we would likely require more financial and staff resources to support and continue our growth.
If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially
harmed. We
have a limited marketing and sales organization, and if our current marketing and sales personnel are insufficient or inadequate
to support the current introduction of our Kush products, we may not be able to sell these products in quantities to become commercially
successful. We
have a limited marketing and sales organization, and we have minimal prior experience in the marketing, sale and distribution
of pet care products. There are significant risks involved in our building and managing an effective sales organization, including
our ability to hire, adequately train, maintain and motivate qualified individuals, generate sufficient sales leads and other
contacts, and establish effective product distribution channels. Any failure or substantial delay in the development of our internal
sales, marketing and distribution capabilities would adversely impact our business and financial condition. 9 Our
business will depend significantly on the sufficiency and effectiveness of our marketing and product promotional programs and
incentives. Due
to the highly competitive nature of our industry, we must effectively and efficiently promote and market our products through
internet, television and print advertising, social media, and through trade promotions and other incentives to sustain and improve
our competitive position in our market. Moreover, from time to time we may have to change our marketing strategies and spending
allocations based on responses from our veterinarian customers and pet owners. If our marketing, advertising and trade promotion