Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this prospectus and in the documents we incorporate
by reference herein, you should carefully consider the risks discussed below and under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 , as updated by our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings we make with the SEC, and any risk factors
set forth in our other filings with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, before making a decision about investing in our common stock.  The risks and uncertainties discussed
below and in the documents incorporated by reference are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently
known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also harm our business. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial
condition and operating results could be harmed, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of
your investment. 9 Risks Related to this Offering and our Common
Stock The issuances of our common stock to the
selling stockholder upon conversion of the Notes and/or exercise of the Warrants, as the case may be, will cause substantial dilution to our
existing stockholders, and the sale of the shares of common stock acquired by the selling stockholder, or the perception that such sales
may occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to fall. Up to 32,291,667 shares of
our common stock are being registered for resale by the selling stockholder. Depending on market liquidity at the time, issuances and
any subsequent sales of our common stock by the selling stockholder may cause the trading price of our common stock to fall. If and when the selling stockholder
converts the Notes and/or exercises the Warrants, as the case may be, after the selling stockholder has acquired the shares, the selling
stockholder may resell all, some, or none of those shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion. Therefore, issuances to
the selling stockholder upon conversion of the Notes or exercise of the Warrants will result in substantial dilution to the interests
of other holders of our common stock. Even though the current trading price is significantly below our IPO price, the selling stockholder
may have an incentive to sell because it will still profit because of the lower price that it acquired their shares than the IPO investors.
Additionally, the issuance of a substantial number of shares of our common stock to the selling stockholder, or the anticipation of such
issuances, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that
we might otherwise wish to effect sales. You may experience future dilution as a
result of future equity offerings and other issuances of our securities. In order to raise additional
capital, we may in the future offer additional common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock
at prices that may not be the same as the price per share paid by the investors in this offering. We may not be able to sell shares or
other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share paid by the investors
in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders.
The price per share at which we sell additional common stock or securities convertible into common stock in future transactions may be
higher or lower than the price per share paid to the selling stockholder. Our stockholders will incur dilution upon exercise of any outstanding
stock options, warrants or other convertible securities or upon the issuance of common stock under our share incentive programs. We expect to require additional
capital in the future in order to develop our business operations. If we do not obtain any such additional financing, it may be difficult
to effectively realize our long-term strategic goals and objectives. Any additional capital raised
through the sale of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute our stockholders’ ownership percentages and could also result
in a decrease in the market value of our equity securities. The terms of any securities
issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights
and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities
then outstanding. In addition, we may incur
substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law
compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection
with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial condition. Future sales of substantial amounts of the
shares of common stock by the selling stockholder and others could adversely affect the price of our common stock. The shares sold in the offering
will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act. As a result, a substantial number of shares
of our common stock may be sold by the selling stockholder in the public market following this offering. If there are significantly more
shares of our common stock offered for sale than buyers are willing to purchase, then the market price of our common stock will decline
to a market price at which buyers are willing to purchase the offered common stock and sellers remain willing to sell our common stock.
The sale of the shares by the selling stockholder or any future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public
market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could also adversely affect the price of our common stock. We cannot predict the
effect, if any, that market sales of those shares of common stock or the availability of those shares for sale will have on the market
price of our common stock. If we or our existing stockholders,
our directors or their affiliates or certain of our executive officers, sell a substantial number of our common stock in the public market,
including the shares issuable upon exercise of the Notes or Warrant, the market price of our common stock could decrease significantly.
The perception in the public market that we or our stockholders might sell our common stock could also depress the market price of our
common stock and could impair our future ability to obtain capital, especially through an offering of equity securities. 10 The market price of our common stock may
be subject to fluctuation and you could lose all or part of your investment. Our
common stock was first offered publicly in our IPO in June 2022 at a price of $7.50 per share, and our common stock has subsequently
traded as high as $8.50 per share and as low as $0.56 per share through November 24, 2023. The market price of our common stock
on the Nasdaq Capital Market may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including, but not
limited to: · actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results
of companies perceived to be similar to us; · changes in the market’s expectations about our operating results; · success or failure of competitors; · our operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular
period; · changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the market
in general; · operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; · our ability to market new and enhanced services and products on a timely basis; · changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; · commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; · changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional
debt; · the volume of shares of our common stock available for public sale; · short selling of our common stock or other securities; · any announced or anticipated stock or equity linked instrument offering by us; · any major change in the board of directors or management; · sales of substantial amounts of common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders
or the perception that such sales could occur; and · general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international
currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. These factors and any corresponding price fluctuations
may materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and result in substantial losses being incurred by our investors.
In the past, following periods of market volatility, public company stockholders have often instituted securities class action litigation.
If we were involved in securities litigation, it could impose a substantial cost upon us and divert the resources and attention of our
management from our business. The requirement that we repay the Notes
and interest thereon in cash would adversely affect our business plan, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. If not converted, we may
be required to repay principal amounts outstanding under the Notes and interest thereon in cash or in shares of our common stock. These
obligations could have important consequences on our business. In particular, they could: · limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our busines