—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock—Future sales,
or the perception of future sales, by us or our existing stockholders in the public market following this offering could cause the market price for our common stock to decline.” As of April 26, 2016, we had 102,614,707 shares of common stock outstanding. All shares sold in the IPO and in this offering will be
freely tradable without registration under the Securities Act and without restriction by persons other than our “affiliates” (as defined under Rule 144). The shares of common stock held by Blackstone, Wellspring and our directors,
officers, employees and certain other stockholders after this offering, based on the number of shares outstanding as of April 26, 2016, will be “restricted” securities under the meaning of Rule 144 and may not be sold in the absence
of registration under the Securities Act, unless an exemption from registration is available, including the exemptions pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The restricted shares held by our affiliates will be available for sale in the public market at various times pursuant to Rule 144 following
the expiration of the applicable lock-up period. In addition, 3,822,090 shares are issuable upon the exercise of options, 288,186 shares
are issuable pursuant to restricted stock units, 395,019 shares are reserved for future issuance under the 2007 Stock Option Plan, and 3,774,894 shares are reserved for future issuance under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan. We have filed a
registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common stock issued or reserved for issuance. These shares will become eligible for sale in the public market once those shares are issued, subject to various vesting
agreements, lock-up agreements, and Rule 144, as applicable. In addition, there are 2,883,628 shares of restricted stock outstanding. We have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common stock issued or
reserved for issuance under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan and the 2007 Stock Option Plan. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement will be available for sale in the open market, unless such shares are subject to vesting
restrictions or the lock-up restrictions described below. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who is not deemed to be or have been one
of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than an
affiliate, is entitled to sell such shares without registration, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the
holding period of a prior owner other than an affiliate, then such person is entitled to sell such shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates, who have met the six
month holding period for beneficial ownership of “restricted shares” of our common stock, are entitled to sell within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which will equal approximately 1.0 million shares as of April 26, 2016; or • the average reported weekly trading volume of our common stock on the NYSE during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. 151 Table of Contents Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are
also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. The sale of these shares, or the perception that sales will be made, could adversely affect the price of our
common stock after this offering because a great supply of shares would be, or would be perceived to be, available for sale in the public market. Lock-Up Agreements In
connection with this offering, our officers, directors, the selling stockholders and Wellspring have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, that they will not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly,
any shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any shares of our common stock, enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge, or other arrangement that
transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our common stock, whether any of these transactions are to be settled by delivery of our common stock or such other securities, in cash or otherwise, or publicly
disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge, or disposition, or to enter into any such transaction, swap, hedge, or other arrangement, without, in each case, the prior written consent of Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Barclays
Capital Inc., for a period of 75 days after the date of this prospectus. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., on
behalf of the underwriters, in their sole discretion, may release our common stock and other securities subject to the lock-up agreements described above in whole or in part at any time with or without notice. Registration Rights In
connection with the IPO, on October 6, 2015, we entered into a registration rights agreement that provides Blackstone and Wellspring an unlimited number of “demand” registrations and customary “piggyback” registration rights
and customary “piggyback” registration rights to certain other stockholders. The registration rights agreement also provides that we will pay certain expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify the registration rights holders
against certain liabilities that may arise under the Securities Act. 152 Table of Contents MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME AND ESTATE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences to a non-U.S. holder (as defined below) of the
purchase, ownership and disposition of our common stock issued pursuant to this offering as of the date hereof. Except where noted, this summary deals only with common stock that is held as a capital asset. A “non-U.S. holder” means a person (other than a partnership) that is not for U.S. federal income tax purposes any of the following: • an individual citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; • an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or • a trust if it (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has
a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. This summary
is based upon provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed, perhaps
retroactively, so as to result in U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences different from those summarized below. This summary does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income and estate taxes, such as the Medicare contribution tax on net
investment income, and does not deal with foreign, state, local or other tax considerations that may be relevant to non-U.S. holders in light of their particular circumstances. In addition, it does not represent a detailed description of the U.S.
federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (including if you are a U.S. expatriate, “controlled foreign corporation,” “passive foreign investment
company,” a person who holds or receives our common stock pursuant to the exercise of an employee stock option or otherwise as compensation or a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes). We cannot assure
you that a change in law will not alter significantly the tax considerations that we describe in this summary. If a partnership holds our
common stock, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership holding our common stock, you should consult your tax advisors. If you are considering the purchase of our common stock, you should consult your own tax advisors concerning the particular U.S. federal
income and estate tax consequences to you of the purchase, ownership or disposition of our common stock, as well as the consequences to you arising under the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. Dividends Distributions
on our common stock will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles. Amounts not treated as dividends
for U.S. federal income tax purposes will constitute a return of capital and will first be applied against and reduce a holder’s adjusted tax basis in the common stock, but not below zero. Any remaining excess will be treated as capital gain
subject to the rules discussed under “—Gain on Dispo