--Adoption of State Tax Legislation may Have a Negative Impact on Our Net
Income."

     Delaware State Taxation. As a Delaware holding company not earning income
in Delaware, Provident Financial Services, Inc. is exempted from Delaware
corporate income tax

                                       87 but is required to file annual returns and pay annual fees and a franchise tax
to the State of Delaware.

                                   REGULATION

General

     The Provident Bank is a New Jersey chartered savings bank, and its deposit
accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) under the Bank Insurance Fund (BIF) and the Savings
Association Insurance Fund (SAIF). The Provident Bank is subject to extensive
regulation, examination and supervision by the Commissioner of the New Jersey
Department of Banking and Insurance (the Commissioner) as the issuer of its
charter, and by the FDIC as the deposit insurer. The Provident Bank must file
reports with the Commissioner and the FDIC concerning its activities and
financial condition, and it must obtain regulatory approval prior to entering
into certain transactions, such as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other
depository institutions and opening or acquiring branch offices. The
Commissioner and the FDIC conduct periodic examinations to assess The Provident
Bank's compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulation and
supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which a
savings bank can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the
deposit insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the
regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory
and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with
respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan
loss reserves for regulatory purposes.

     Provident Financial Services, Inc., as a bank holding company controlling
The Provident Bank, will be subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended ("BHCA"), and the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board
under the BHCA and to the provisions of the New Jersey Banking Act of 1948 (the
"New Jersey Banking Act") and the regulations of the Commissioner under the New
Jersey Banking Act applicable to bank holding companies. The Provident Bank and
Provident Financial Services, Inc. will be required to file reports with, and
otherwise comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board and
the Commissioner. Provident Financial Services, Inc. will be required to file
certain reports with, and otherwise comply with, the rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws.

     Any change in such laws and regulations, whether by the Commissioner, the
FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or through legislation, could have a material
adverse impact on The Provident Bank and Provident Financial Services, Inc. and
their operations and stockholders.

                                       88 - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Certain of the laws and regulations applicable to The Provident Bank and
Provident Financial Services, Inc. are summarized below or elsewhere in this
prospectus. These summaries do not purport to be complete and are qualified in
their entirety by reference to such laws and regulations.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

New Jersey Banking Regulation

     Activity Powers. The Bank derives its lending, investment and other
activity powers primarily from the applicable provisions of the New Jersey
Banking Act and its related regulations. Under these laws and regulations,
savings banks, including The Provident Bank, generally may invest in:

     (1)  real estate mortgages;

     (2)  consumer and commercial loans;

     (3)  specific types of debt securities, including certain corporate debt
          securities and obligations of federal, state and local governments and
          agencies;

     (4)  certain types of corporate equity securities; and

     (5)  certain other assets.

     A savings bank may also invest pursuant to a "leeway" power that permits
investments not otherwise permitted by the New Jersey Banking Act. "Leeway"
investments must comply with a number of limitations on the individual and
aggregate amounts of "leeway" investments. A savings bank may also exercise
trust powers upon approval of the Commissioner. New Jersey savings banks may
exercise those powers, rights, benefits or privileges authorized for national
banks or out-of-state banks or for federal or out-of-state savings banks or
savings associations, provided that before exercising any such power, right,
benefit or privilege, prior approval by the Commissioner by regulation or by
specific authorization is required. The exercise of these lending, investment
and activity powers are limited by federal law and the related regulations. See
"--Federal Banking Regulation--Activity Restrictions on State-Chartered Banks"
below.

     Loans-to-One-Borrower Limitations. With certain specified exceptions, a New
Jersey chartered savings bank may not make loans or extend credit to a single
borrower and to entities related to the borrower in an aggregate amount that
would exceed 15% of the bank's capital funds. A savings bank may lend an
additional 10% of the bank's capital funds if secured by collateral meeting the
requirements of the New Jersey Banking Act. The Provident Bank currently
complies with applicable loans-to-one-borrower limitations.

     Dividends. Under the New Jersey Banking Act, a stock savings bank may
declare and pay a dividend on its capital stock only to the extent that the
payment of the dividend would not impair the capital stock of the savings bank.
In addition, a stock savings bank may not pay a dividend unless the savings bank
would, after the payment of the dividend, have a surplus of not less than 50% of
its capital stock, or the payment of the dividend would not reduce the surplus.

                                       89 Federal law may also limit the amount of dividends that may be paid by The
Provident Bank. See "--Federal Banking Regulation--Prompt Corrective Action"
below.

     Minimum Capital Requirements. Regulations of the Commissioner impose on New
Jersey chartered depository institutions, including The Provident Bank, minimum
capital requirements similar to those imposed by the FDIC on insured state
banks. See "--Federal Banking Regulation--Capital Requirements."

     Examination and Enforcement. The New Jersey Department of Banking and
Insurance may examine The Provident Bank whenever it deems an examination
advisable. The Department examines The Provident Bank at least every two years.
The Commissioner may order any savings bank to discontinue any violation of law
or unsafe or unsound business practice and may direct any director, officer,
attorney or employee of a savings bank engaged in an objectionable activity,
after the Commissioner has ordered the activity to be terminated, to show cause
at a hearing before the Commissioner why such person should not be removed.

Federal Banking Regulation

     Capital Requirements. FDIC regulations require banks to maintain minimum
levels of capital. The FDIC regulations define two tiers, or classes, of
capital.

     Tier 1 capital is comprised of the sum of:

     .    common stockholders' equity, excluding the unrealized appreciation or
          depreciation, net of tax, from available for sale securities;

     .    non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, including any related
          retained earnings; and

     .    minority interests in consolidated subsidiaries minus all intangible
          assets, other than qualifying servicing rights and any net unrealized
          loss on marketable equity securities.

     The components of Tier 2 capital currently include:

     .    cumulative perpetual preferred stock;

     .    certain perpetual preferred stock for which the dividend rate may be
          reset periodically;

     .    hybrid capital instruments, including mandatory convertible
          securities;

     .    term subordinated debt;

     .    intermediate term preferred stock;

     .    allowance for possible loan losses; and

                                       90 .    up to 45% of pretax net unrealized holding gains on available for sale
          equity securities with readily determinable fair market values.

Allowance for possible loan losses includible in Tier 2 capital is limited to a
maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets. Overall, the amount of Tier 2 capital
that may be included in total capital cannot exceed 100% of Tier 1 capital. The
FDIC regulations establish a minimum leverage capital requirement for banks in
the strongest financial and managerial condition, with a rating of 1 (the
highest examination rating of the FDIC for banks) under the Uniform Financial
Institutions Rating System, of not less than a ratio of 3.0% of Tier 1 capital
to total assets. For all other banks, the minimum leverage capital requirement
is 4.0%, unless a higher leverage capital ratio is warranted by the particular
circumstances or risk profile of the depository institution.

     The FDIC regulations also require that banks meet a risk-based capital
standard. The risk-based capital standard requires the maintenance of a ratio of
total capital, which is defined as the sum of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital,
to risk-weighted assets of at least 8% and a ratio of Tier 1 capital to
risk-weighted assets of at least 4%. In determining the amount of risk-weighted
assets, all assets, plus certain off balance sheet items, are multiplied by a
risk-weight of 0% to 100%, based on the risks the FDIC believes are inherent in
the type of 