—Risks Related to Our Business and Industry—Any litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our
business, financial condition and results of operations." We
believe there is no other litigation pending that could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash
flows. However, in addition to the matter described above, we may, from time to time, be involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. Defending such
proceedings is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. The results of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have
an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 110 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information for our executive officers and directors as of September 27, 2019: Name Age Position Executive Officers: David Schlanger 60 Chief Executive Officer and Director Peter Anevski 52 President, Chief Financial and Operating Officer Karin Ajmani 48 Executive Vice President, Chief of Strategic Development Jennifer Bealer 38 Executive Vice President, General Counsel Non-Employee Directors: Beth Seidenberg, M.D. 62 Chair of the Board of Directors Fred E. Cohen, M.D., D.Phil. 63 Director Norman Payson, M.D. 71 Director Simeon George, M.D.(1) 42 Director Kevin Gordon(2) 57 Director Jeff Park(2) 47 Director Cheryl Scott(2) 70 Director (1) Dr.
George has informed us of his intention to resign from our board of directors, effective immediately prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement to
which this prospectus forms a part. (2) Mr.
Gordon, Mr. Park and Ms. Scott currently are director nominees and have been appointed as members of our board of directors effective immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Executive Officers David Schlanger has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2017 and on our board of
directors since March 2017. From August 2013 until September 2016, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of WebMD Health Corp., or WebMD. Prior to that, he served as the Interim Chief Executive
Officer and in various other senior executive positions at WebMD and predecessor companies for more than 15 years, including as Senior Vice President, Strategic and Corporate Development and
Senior Vice President, Corporate Development. Mr. Schlanger received his B.S. from Georgetown University and his J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School. We believe that
Mr. Schlanger is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience at healthcare companies and in executive management. Peter Anevski has served as our Chief Financial and Operating Officer since January 2017 and our President since June 2019.
Mr. Anevski has extensive experience managing financial functions for public companies. From May 2013 until September 2016, he served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
of WebMD. Prior to that, Mr. Anevski served in senior finance and operations roles at WebMD and predecessor companies for 14 years, including as Senior Vice President, Finance.
Mr. Anevski received his B.A. in Accounting from Montclair State University. Karin Ajmani has served as our Chief of Strategic Development since June 2019 and has extensive experience in the public health and
managed care industries. Prior to that, she served as our President from August 2018 to June 2019 and as our President, Healthcare Solutions from July 2015 until August 2018. From January 2008 until
June 2015, she served as the Chief Executive Officer of US Imaging Network, a radiology network. Ms. Ajmani has served on the board of directors of Citra Health Solutions since 2014.
Ms. Ajmani received her B.A. from the University of Pittsburgh and her Masters 111 Table of Contents of
Public Health, Health Policy and Management from Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health. Jennifer Bealer has served as our General Counsel since October 2017. Prior to that, she was an Associate at Ropes & Gray's
nationally-ranked healthcare practice from November 2010 to October 2017, where she gained extensive expertise in providing healthcare clients with strategic, regulatory, compliance and transaction
advice. Ms. Bealer holds Bachelor of Science degrees in Biology and Psychology from the Pennsylvania State University and received her J.D. from the University of Pennsylvania Law School, A.L.M
from Harvard University, and Master of Bioethics from University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine. Non-Employee Directors Beth Seidenberg, M.D. has served on our board of directors since May 2010 and since June 2015, she has served as Chair of our board of
directors. Dr. Seidenberg has been a partner at Kleiner Perkins, a venture capital firm, since May 2005, where she primarily focuses on life sciences investing. Prior to joining Kleiner
Perkins, Dr. Seidenberg was the Senior Vice President, Head of Global Development and Chief Medical Officer at Amgen, Inc., a biotechnology company. In addition, Dr. Seidenberg
was a
senior executive in research and development at Bristol Myers Squibb Company, a biopharmaceutical company, and Merck. Dr. Seidenberg has served on the board of directors of Epizyme, Inc.
since February 2008 and on the board of directors of Atara Biotherapeutics since August 2012. From June 2011 to February 2019, she served on the board of directors of Tesaro, Inc. and from
December 2012 until June 2018 she served on the board of directors of ARMO BioSciences, Inc. Dr. Seidenberg received a B.S. from Barnard College and an M.D. from the University of Miami
School of Medicine and completed her post-graduate training at the Johns Hopkins University, George Washington University and the National Institutes of Health. We believe that Dr. Seidenberg
is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of her extensive experience in the life sciences industry as a senior executive and venture capitalist, as well as her training as a physician. Fred E. Cohen, M.D. D.Phil. has served on our board of directors since March 2015. Dr. Cohen is currently a Senior Advisor to TPG
Capital, where he previously served for over 15 years as a Partner, and founder of TPG Biotechnology, a life science focused venture capital fund. Beginning in November 2017, Dr. Cohen
has served as a co-founder and senior managing director of Vida Ventures, LLC, a biotechnology venture capital fund. In addition, for over two decades throughout his career, Dr. Cohen
has been affiliated with University of California, San Francisco where he held various clinical responsibilities, including as a research scientist, an internist for hospitalized patients, a
consulting endocrinologist, and the Chief of the Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism. Dr. Cohen currently serves on the boards of directors of the following public companies: Urogen
Pharma Ltd. (since May 2017), Genomic Health Inc. (since April 2002), CareDx, Inc. (since January 2003), Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (since January 2019) and
Veracyte, Inc. (since 2007). Dr. Cohen also serves on the board of directors of several privately-held companies and previously served on the board of directors of BioCryst
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from July 2013 until January 2019, Quintiles Transnational Holdings, Inc. from May 2007 to November 2015, Roka Bioscience, Inc. from September 2009 to
October 2017, Five Prime Therapeutics, Inc. from May 2002 until May 2018 and Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc from June 2013 until June 2019. Dr. Cohen received his B.S. degree in Molecular
Biophysics and Biochemistry from Yale University, his D.Phil. in Molecular Biophysics from Oxford on a Rhodes Scholarship, and his M.D. from Stanford. He is a member of the National Academy of
Medicine and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. We believe that Dr. Cohen is qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his financial and medical knowledge and experience. Norman Payson, MD has served on our board of directors since December 2016. Dr. Payson was co-founder and Chief Executive Officer
of Healthsource from 1985 to 1997, Chief Executive Officer of Oxford Health Plans from 1998 to 2002, Chairman of Concentra from 2005 to 2008 and Chief 112 Table of Contents Executive
Officer of Apria Healthcare Group Inc. from 2008 to 2012, where he is currently a member of the board of directors and a consultant. Since 1997, Dr. Payson has served as
President of NCP, Inc., his family office, through which he engages in consulting and personal investment activities. Additionally, Dr. Payson has served as a strategic advisor for
Evolent Health, Inc., or Evolent, since March 2014 and from December 2013 to June 2019, Dr. Payson also served on the board of directors of Evolent. Additionally, Dr. Payson is
currently serving on the Board of Directors of various private and
not-for-profit companies including Access Clinical Partners, City of Hope, Smile Brands, HPM National Advisory Board at the Mailman School of Public Health at Columbia and USC Schaeffer Center
Advisory Board. Until June 2019, Dr. Payson served as a director at Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth, where he now serves as director emeritus. Dr. Payson holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in earth and planetary sciences from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and received his doctorate in medicine from Dartmouth Medical School. We believe that Dr. Payson is
qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his 30-year career as chief executive officer or chairman of multiple healthcare organizations, including publicly-traded companies. Simeon George, M.D., M.B.A. has served on our board of directors since May 2012. Dr. George joined S.R. One, Limi