—Risks
Related to the Company and our Industry—Pinner metrics and other estimates are subject to inherent challenges in measurement, and real or perceived inaccuracies in those metrics could harm our business, revenue and financial results.”
United States and International may not sum to Global due to rounding. A portion of our MAUs visit Pinterest on a weekly basis. We define a weekly active user
(“WAU”) as a logged-in Pinterest user who visits our website or opens our mobile application at least once during the seven-day period ending on the date of
measurement. We actively monitor the relationship of WAUs to MAUs, which has stayed relatively consistent over time. As of December 31, 2018, the proportion of WAUs to MAUs was 57%. We have experienced significant growth in our global MAUs over the last several years. In particular, our international MAUs have grown significantly as a result of our
recent focus on localizing content in international markets. We expect this international user growth to continue to outpace U.S. user growth in the near term. 68 Table of Contents Trends in Monetization Metrics Revenue. We calculate revenue by user geography based on our estimate of the geography in which ad impressions are delivered. The geography of our users
affects our revenue and financial results because we currently only monetize certain countries and currencies and because we monetize different geographies at different average rates. Our revenue in the United States is higher primarily due to our
decision to focus our earliest monetization efforts there and also due to the relative size and maturity of the U.S. digital advertising market. Quarterly Revenue (in millions) Note: Revenue by geography in the charts above is
geographically apportioned based on our estimate of the geographic location of our users when they perform a revenue-generating activity. This allocation differs from our disclosure of revenue disaggregated by
geography in the notes to our consolidated financial statements where revenue is geographically apportioned based on our customers’ billing addresses. United States and International may not sum to Global due to rounding; quarterly amounts may
not sum to annual due to rounding. Average Revenue per User (“ARPU”). We measure monetization of our platform through our average
revenue per user metric. We define ARPU as our total revenue in a given geography during a 69 Table of Contents period divided by the average of the number of MAUs in that geography during the period. We calculate ARPU by geography based on our estimate of the geography in which revenue-generating
activities occur. We present ARPU on a U.S. and international basis because we currently monetize users in different geographies at different average rates. U.S. ARPU is higher primarily due to our decision to focus our earliest monetization efforts
there and also due to the relative size and maturity of the U.S. digital advertising market. Quarterly Average Revenue per User For the year ended December 31, 2018, global ARPU was $3.14, which represents an increase of 25% compared to the year ended
December 31, 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2018, U.S. ARPU was $9.04 and international ARPU was $0.25, which represent increases of 47% and 22%, respectively, compared to the year ended December 31, 2017. Factors Affecting Our Performance Growth in MAUs. User growth
trends, which are reflected in the number of MAUs, are a key factor that affects our revenue and financial results. As our user base and the quality of engagement of our users grow, we believe the potential to increase our revenue grows. 70 Table of Contents We are focused on increasing the ways Pinners use and get value from our platform and on expanding our user base, with
an emphasis on international markets. We may face challenges enhancing the quality of engagement and increasing the size of our user base, including competition
from alternative products and services, saturation of existing markets, difficulties scaling in international markets, a lack of sufficiently relevant content available on Pinterest, actions by external parties (such as changes in search engine
methodologies and policies and disruptions in single sign-on access) or changes in regulations (which require changes to our products in a manner that negatively impacts our user growth, retention and engagement). We expect revenue growth will be
driven more by the quality of user engagement and higher monetization of users than by sheer growth of users. To the extent our user growth slows, our revenue growth will become increasingly dependent on our ability to increase the quality of user
engagement. Growth in Monetization. Monetization trends, which are reflected in ARPU, are a key factor that affects our revenue and financial
results. We are in the early stages of our monetization efforts. We are focused on increasingly serving more mid-market and
unmanaged advertisers and expanding our sales efforts to reach advertisers in additional international markets, with an initial focus on Western Europe and other select markets to follow. We are working on building more self-serve tools to help our
mid-market and unmanaged advertisers with ad creation, campaign scaling and measurement. There are many variables that impact ARPU, including the number of ad
impressions shown on our platform and the price per ad, which depends on a number of factors including the engagement of our audience and the quality of that engagement, the number and diversity of our advertisers, the amount of advertising spend,
an advertiser’s objectives, ad performance, the effectiveness of our advertising products and our ability to measure that effectiveness for our advertisers, as well as the effect of geographic differences on each of these factors. Due to our
decision to focus our earliest monetization efforts in the United States, we have less experience monetizing international markets and therefore may experience challenges scaling and monetizing these markets due to differences in Pinners’ taste
and interests and advertisers’ expectations. The international advertising market is also smaller and less mature than the U.S. digital advertising market. Investment in Technology. We make investments in technology that we believe will enhance Pinner and advertiser experiences. Key investment areas for our
platform include machine learning, computer vision and our recommendation engine. We also invest heavily in our advertising products, including our self-serve platform and first- and third-party measurement tools. Our ability to grow our user base, attract new advertisers and increase our revenue will depend, in part, on our ability to
continue innovating in visual search and discovery and our ability to successfully launch new products for Pinners and advertisers. We plan to continue making significant investments in research and development and may develop products for Pinners
that cannot be immediately monetized. Investment in Talent. Our business relies on our ability to attract and retain talent. As of December 31,
2018, we had 1,797 full-time employees, an increase of 32% compared to December 31, 2017. Competition. We face significant competition in almost every aspect of our business. We primarily compete with consumer internet companies that are either tools (search, ecommerce) or media (newsfeeds, video, social networks). We also compete for
advertising revenue across a variety of formats. Some of our competitors have greater financial resources and substantially larger user bases. These competitors’ economies of scale allow them to have access to larger volumes of data and
platforms that are used on a more frequent basis than ours, which may enable them to better 71 Table of Contents understand their user base and develop and deliver more targeted advertising. We must compete effectively for users and advertisers in order to grow our business and increase our revenue. We
believe that our ability to compete for users depends on a number of factors, including the quality of our users’ experience on our service and on other platforms. We believe that our ability to compete effectively for advertisers depends on a
number of factors, including our ability to offer attractive advertising products with robust targeting and measurement tools. Seasonality. We
experience seasonality in user growth, engagement and monetization on our platform. Historically, sequential user growth is slowest in the second calendar quarter. Industry advertising spend tends to be strongest in the fourth quarter, and we
observe a similar pattern in our historical advertising revenue. The significant user and monetization growth have partially offset these trends in historical periods. Share -Based Compensation. We began granting RSUs in March 2015. Our RSUs are subject to both a
service condition, which is typically satisfied over four years, and a performance condition, which will be satisfied if an initial public offering or change of control (collectively, an “Initial Event”) occurs within seven years of the
date of grant. As of December 31, 2018, no share-based compensation expense had been recognized for RSUs because an
Initial Event had not occurred. In the quarter in which this offering is completed, we will begin recording share-based compensation expense using the accelerated attribution method for IPO-Vesting RSUs. If this offering had been completed on
December 31, 2018, we would have recorded cumulative share-based compensation expense of $885.5 million, and we would expect to recognize the remaining $484.6 million of unrecognized share-based compensation expense over a weighted-average
period of 3.4 years. Following this offering, our future operating expenses, particularly in the quarter in which this offering is completed, will include substantial share-based compensation expense with respect to outstanding RSUs as well as
any other sh