."

    Concurrently with the transactions, PCA issued the notes and preferred stock
and entered into the senior credit facility. The senior credit facility provides
for three term loans in an aggregate amount of $1.21 billion and a revolving
credit facility with up to $250.0 million in availability. Upon the closing of
the acquisition, PCA borrowed the full amount available under the term loans and
$9.0 million under the revolving credit facility. The following table provides
the interest rate as of June 30, 1999 for each of the term loans and the
revolving credit facility: BORROWING ARRANGEMENT                                            INTEREST RATE
- -------------------------------------------------------------  ----------------- Term Loan A..................................................           7.75%
Term Loan B..................................................           8.25%
Term Loan C..................................................           8.50%
Revolver
  Revolver--Eurodollar.......................................           7.75%
  Revolver--Base Rate........................................           9.50% The borrowings under the revolving credit facility are available to fund
PCA's working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general
corporate purposes. The Term Loan A must be repaid in quarterly installments
from September 1999 through 2005. The Term Loan B must be

                                       45 repaid in quarterly installments from September 1999 through 2007. The Term Loan
C must be repaid in quarterly installments from September 1999 through 2008. The
revolving credit facility will terminate in 2005. See "Description of Certain
Indebtedness."

    On May 18, 1999, PCA prepaid $75.0 million on the term loans using excess
cash. In addition, PCA repaid the $9.0 million drawn on the revolver using
excess cash. On July 15, 1999, PCA prepaid an additional $10.0 million on the
term loans using excess cash.

    The instruments governing PCA's indebtedness and the preferred stock,
including the senior credit facility, the indenture governing the notes and the
certificate of designation governing the preferred stock, contain financial and
other covenants that restrict, among other things, the ability of PCA and its
subsidiaries to:

    - incur additional indebtedness,

    - pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments,

    - consummate certain asset sales,

    - incur liens,

    - enter into certain transactions with affiliates, or

    - merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or otherwise dispose of
      all or substantially all of the assets of PCA.

    These limitations, together with the highly leveraged nature of PCA, could
limit corporate and operating activities. See "Risk Factors--Company
Risks--Leverage."

    PCA intends to use the net proceeds received by it from the offerings to
redeem all of the outstanding shares of preferred stock at an aggregate
redemption price of approximately $120 million, assuming that the preferred
stock is redeemed on or about November 1, 1999.

    PCA estimates that it will make approximately $118 million in capital
expenditures in 1999. These expenditures will be used primarily for cost
reduction, business growth, maintenance and environmental and other regulatory
compliance.

    As previously announced, PCA plans to sell a significant portion of its
800,000 acres of owned timberland. In August 1999, PCA signed purchase and sales
agreements with various buyers to sell approximately 400,000 acres of
timberland. PCA expects to close these transactions by the end of the third
quarter of 1999. The net proceeds of these sales, if any, would be used to
reduce borrowings under the senior credit facility. PCA is permitted under the
terms of the senior credit facility and the indenture governing the notes to use
net proceeds in excess of $500.0 million, if any, to redeem up to $192.5 million
of the notes, or to pay a dividend on or repurchase its equity interests. PCA
may use the net proceeds of a timberland sale to redeem not more than 35% of the
aggregate principal amount of notes issued and outstanding under the notes
indenture, excluding notes held by PCA and its subsidiaries.

    PCA must make the redemption within 60 days of the timberland sale and must
pay a redemption price equal to 109.625% of the principal amount of notes to be
redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest and liquidated damages, if any, to the
date of redemption.

    PCA may only use the net proceeds of a timberland sale to pay a dividend or
repurchase its equity interests if PCA's debt to cash flow ratio at the time of
payment or repurchase, after giving effect to the payment or repurchase, the
application of the proceeds of the timberland sale, and any increase in fiber,
stumpage or similar costs as a result of the timberland sale, would be no
greater than 4.5 to 1 and PCA's debt and preferred stock to cash flow ratio no
greater than 5.0 to 1. The

                                       46 senior credit facility imposes similar restrictions on the ability of PCA to use
the net proceeds of a timberland sale to make these payments or repurchases.

    PCA believes that cash generated from operations will be adequate to meet
its anticipated debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working
capital needs for the next 12 months, and that cash generated from operations
and amounts available under the revolving credit facility will be adequate to
meet its anticipated debt service requirements, capital expenditures and working
capital needs for the foreseeable future. There can be no assurance, however,
that PCA's business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that
future borrowings will be available under the senior credit facility or
otherwise to enable it to service its indebtedness, including the senior credit
facility and the notes, to retire or redeem the notes when required or to make
anticipated capital expenditures. PCA's future operating performance and its
ability to service or refinance the notes and to service, extend or refinance
the senior credit facility will be subject to future economic conditions and to
financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond PCA's control.
See "Risk Factors."

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

    We are subject to, and must comply with, a variety of federal, state and
local environmental laws, particularly those relating to air and water quality,
waste disposal and the cleanup of contaminated soil and groundwater. Because
environmental regulations are constantly evolving, we have incurred, and will
continue to incur, costs to maintain compliance with those laws. In particular,
the United States Environmental Protection Agency recently finalized the Cluster
Rules which govern pulp and paper mill operations, including those at the
Counce, Filer City, Valdosta and Tomahawk mills. Over the next several years,
the Cluster Rules will affect our allowable discharges of air and water
pollutants, and require us to spend money to ensure compliance with those new
rules.

    As is the case with any industrial operation, we have, in the past, incurred
costs associated with the remediation of soil or groundwater contamination, as
required by the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act, commonly known as the federal "Superfund" law, and analogous
state laws. Cleanup requirements arise with respect to properties we currently
own or operate, former facilities and off-site facilities where we have disposed
of hazardous substances. Because liability under these laws is strict, meaning
that liability is imposed without fault, joint and several, meaning that
liability is imposed on each party without regard to contribution, and
retroactive, we could receive notifications of cleanup liability in the future
and this liability could be material. Under the terms of the contribution,
agreement, TPI has agreed to retain all liability for all former facilities and
all sites associated with pre-closing off-site waste disposal. TPI has also
retained environmentally impaired real property in Filer City, Michigan
unrelated to current mill operations.

YEAR 2000 ISSUE

    YEAR 2000 ISSUE.  Year 2000 issues address the ability of electronic
processing equipment to process date sensitive information and recognize the
last two digits of a date as occurring in or after the year 2000. Many of our
computer software and hardware systems, and some of our non-information
technology infrastructure and manufacturing equipment, that utilize
date-sensitive data, were structured to use a two-digit data field. As a result,
these IT and non-IT systems will not be able to properly recognize dates in or
after the Year 2000. If we are unable to complete the remediation or replacement
of critical IT and non-IT systems in a timely manner, or if those with whom we
conduct business are unsuccessful in implementing timely solutions, Year 2000
issues could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

                                       47 YEAR 2000 PROGRAM.  Our predecessor, TPI, created a Year 2000 management
team in June of 1998 to address the Year 2000 issue. The Year 2000 program,
started by TPI and continued by PCA, involves three primary phases:

    - identifying and testing all information technology systems and all
      non-information technology infrastructure and equipment that have a
      potential Year 2000 issue;

    - remediating or replacing all non-compliant systems and equipment; and

    - testing all remediated or replaced systems and equipment.

    In addition, our Year 2000 efforts have involved assessing and monitoring
the Year 2000 readiness of our major suppliers and vendors, responding to
customer inquiries regarding our state of readiness, tracking Year 2000 related
expenditures and developing contingency or continuity plans.
