An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial
condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could
decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Searching for and Consummating a Business
Combination Our independent registered public accounting firm’s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a “going concern.” As of February 5, 2021, we had a working
capital deficiency of $59,750. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s
plans to address this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our
initial business combination may not be successful. In addition, management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic on the industry and its effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or search for a prospective partner
company. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering
or our inability to continue as a going concern. Our shareholders may not be afforded
an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination
even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve
our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable Cayman Islands
law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance,
the Nasdaq rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting but would still require us to obtain
shareholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding shares to a prospective partner business
as consideration in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business
combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, we would seek shareholder approval
of such business combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, the decision as to whether
we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a
tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the
transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may
consummate our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of
the business combination we consummate. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business—Shareholders May Not Have
the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information. Your only opportunity to affect the investment
decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us
for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you
will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any prospective partner businesses. Since
our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have
the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only
opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our
public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 42 Table of Contents If we seek shareholder approval of our
initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination,
regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our sponsor will own, on an as-converted
basis, 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares (excluding the private placement shares underlying the private placement
units) immediately following the completion of this offering. Our sponsor and members of our team also may from time to time purchase
Class A ordinary shares prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive
approval pursuant to an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders’
founder shares and private placement shares, we would need 8,975,001, or 35.90%, of the 25,000,000 public shares sold in this offering
to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved (assuming all
issued and outstanding shares are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval
of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and our team to vote in favor of our initial business combination
will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination prospective partners,
which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a prospective partner. We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective partner that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition
and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 (so that we do not then become
subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition
as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an
alternate business combination. Prospective partners will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business
combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement
for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore
will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted
for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange
for additional third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable
business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable
to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The
per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred
underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the
entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business
combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial 43 Table of Contents business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in
the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could atte