.” Overview We are a clinical stage
biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering and developing novel therapies for the treatment of fibrosis. Our initial focus is on treating fibrosis by inhibiting integrin-mediated activation of TGF-ß. We have applied our deep understanding of fibrosis biology, along with our medicinal chemistry and translational medicine expertise to develop a set of proprietary tools designed to discover and de-risk product candidates quickly and efficiently. Our wholly-owned lead product candidate, PLN-74809, is an oral small-molecule dual selective inhibitor of a vß6 and a vß1 integrins that we are developing for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF, and primary sclerosing cholangitis, or PSC. We
have completed a Phase 1a SAD/MAD trial and a Phase 1b proof-of-mechanism trial of PLN-74809 in IPF. We are recruiting two
Phase 2a trials of PLN-74809 in IPF. We submitted an IND for PLN-74809 for the treatment of PSC in March 2020, and plan to initiate a Phase 2a PSC trial in the second half of 2020, subject to the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our second product candidate, PLN-1474, is a small-molecule selective inhibitor of a vß1 for the treatment of liver fibrosis
associated with NASH, which we have partnered with Novartis. PLN-1474 is currently undergoing a Phase 1 trial with top-line data expected by the end of 2020, when it is feasible to do so in light of the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition to our clinical programs, we currently have preclinical integrin-based programs targeting oncology and muscular dystrophies. In October 2019, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Novartis, or the Novartis Agreement, for the development and
commercialization of our then preclinical product candidate, PLN-1474 and up to three integrin research targets. PLN-1474 is an internally discovered small molecule selective inhibitor of integrin a vß1, currently being developed for the treatment of liver fibrosis associated with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis, or NASH. In December 2019, we received an upfront license payment of
$50.0 million for the worldwide exclusive license to PLN-1474. In the second quarter of 2020, we received an additional $27.8 million in payments under the Novartis Agreement. Pursuant to the Novartis Agreement, we expect to receive research
and development funding totaling $19.6 million for PLN-1474 development services and funding of up to $13.4 million for option research and development services on the integrin research targets. Additionally, we are eligible to receive
developmental, regulatory and commercial milestone payments of up to $416.0 million if defined development, regulatory and commercialization milestones are achieved and tiered royalties, on a product-by-product basis based on annual nets sales
of products, at percentages ranging from high-single digits to low teens of the applicable licensed products and mid-single digits to high-single digits for any products resulting from the research programs. On December 19, 2019, we issued 26.4 million shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock, or the Series C Funding, for aggregate
cash proceeds of $48.2 million. Novartis purchased 10.9 million shares of the December 19, 2019 Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock offering at $1.83 per share, which as at fair value as the Company sold Series C redeemable
convertible preferred stock investor which is at arms-length transaction as $1.83 per share was the purchase price paid for shares by other unrelated investors who participated in the funding round. In February 2020, we issued an additional 28.5
million shares of Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock for aggregate cash proceeds of $52.2 million. 86 Table of Contents Since our inception in 2015, our operations have included organizing and hiring personnel
for our company, business planning, raising capital, establishing our intellectual property portfolio and performing research and development of TGF-ß signaling and integrin biology, medicinal chemistry,
translational screening technologies, and clinical insights to create tissue-specific inhibitors of fibrotic diseases. We have incurred
net losses since inception and expect to incur losses in the future as we continue our research and development activities. To date, we have funded our operations primarily through private placements of our redeemable convertible preferred stock and
from revenue generated from the Novartis Agreement. To date, all our revenue has solely been generated from the Novartis Agreement. We
expect revenue will continue to fluctuate from period to period and there can be no assurance that we will generate other revenue, that we will enter into new collaborations, or that new or existing collaborations will continue beyond their initial
terms or that we will be able to meet the milestones specified in these agreements. Since our inception, we have incurred significant
operating losses. Our net loss was $30.3 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019 and our net income was $11.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2020. As of
December 31, 2018, December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $71.5 million, $76.3 million and $65.3 million, respectively. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating
losses for the foreseeable future. In addition, we anticipate that our expenses will increase significantly in connection with our ongoing activities, as we: • advance the development of our lead product candidate, PLN-74809, through
clinical development, and, if approved by the FDA, commercialization; • advance our other preclinical development programs into clinical development; • seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; • increase the amount of research and development activities to identify and develop product candidates; • hire additional clinical, quality control and scientific personnel; • expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support
our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our operations as a public company; • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; • establish a sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for
which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own or jointly with third parties; and • invest in or in-license other technologies or product candidates. We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully complete clinical development and
obtain regulatory approval for PLN-74809 or any of our other product candidates. In addition, if we obtain regulatory approval for PLN-74809 or any of our other product
candidates and do not enter into one or more collaborations with third-parties for commercialization, we expect to incur significant expenses related to developing our commercialization capability to support product sales, marketing and distribution
activities. As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy.
Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of public or private equity offerings and debt financings, government funding arrangements, collaborations,
strategic alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter
into such agreements as, and when, 87 Table of Contents needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development and the economic and developmental
uncertainty arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, we may be unable to accurately predict the timing or magnitude of all expenses. Even if we can generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to
sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. As of March 31, 2020, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $141.4 million. We expect to continue to incur losses for
the foreseeable future and will require additional financial resources to continue to advance our products and intellectual property. We believe that the net proceeds from this offering and the concurrent private placement, together with our
existing cash, cash equivalents and short term investments, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into 2023. As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations
and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and
marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include
liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take
specific actions, such as incurring ad