Any investment in our common stock offered hereby is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth under “Risk Factors”, commencing on page 5 of this prospectus, as well as all other information contained and incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Unless otherwise indicated, all information in this prospectus assumes no exercise of the outstanding options and warrants or any issuance of shares under outstanding restricted stock units, in each case as described above. 4 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks below and the risk and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk Factors” in our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2025, as amended, which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before you decide whether to purchase our common stock. If any of such risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Risks Related to this Offering The resale of shares of our common stock by the Selling Stockholders, including shares issuable upon conversion of our senior secured notes and upon exercise of our warrants, may depress the market price of our common stock, and the potential issuance of additional shares in connection with these securities will dilute existing stockholders. The securities covered by this resale registration statement include shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion or settlement of our senior secured notes due 2028 and upon exercise of our warrants issued in a private placement under the Purchase Agreement. On December 26, 2025, we issued an initial $15.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028, and we may issue up to an additional $35.0 million principal amount of notes in one or more subsequent closings prior to December 15, 2028, in each case together with warrants to purchase our common stock. In connection with the initial closing, we issued warrants exercisable for up to 7,009,346 shares at an initial exercise price of $2.675 per share, which are exercisable beginning on the earlier of six months after issuance or the date we obtain requisite stockholder approval for the transactions under applicable NYSE American rules. If the Selling Stockholders resells a substantial number of shares into the public market, or if the market anticipates that such sales could occur, the trading price of our common stock could decline. If and when we sell shares to the Selling Stockholders, the Selling Stockholders may then resell all, some or none of those shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion. See the section titled “Plan of Distribution” elsewhere in this prospectus for more information. Therefore, our sales to the Selling Stockholders could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock to the Selling Stockholders, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares of common stock we may sell to the Selling Stockholders under the Purchase Agreement or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. We generally have discretion, subject to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants, to determine if and when to issue shares of our common stock in connection with monthly amortization payments made in stock, conversions of the Notes, or exercises of the Warrants. The Purchase Agreement provides for our issuance of senior secured notes initially in the aggregate principal amount of $15.0 million and related warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, with the potential for us, subject to specified conditions and the investor’s consent, to issue up to an additional $35.0 million aggregate principal amount of notes and related warrants at one or more subsequent closings prior to December 15, 2028. Any such issuances of our common stock are subject to the conditions contained in the transaction documents, including, among others, exchange limitations, beneficial ownership caps, and stockholder approval requirements. Further issuances of our common stock, if any, in connection with the Notes and the Warrants will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined by us and, in the case of subsequent closings, the Selling Stockholder’s consent. We may ultimately decide to issue all, some or none of the shares of our common stock that may be available for issuance pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Notes and the Warrants. 5 Table of Contents Because the number of shares of common stock that may be issued upon conversions of, or amortization share settlements under, the Notes or upon exercises of the Warrants will fluctuate based on the market price of our common stock at the time of any such issuances and other variables specified in the transaction documents, it is not possible for us to predict, as of the date of this prospectus and prior to any such issuances, the number of shares of common stock that we will ultimately issue, the effective price per share, or the aggregate proceeds (if any) that we may receive from warrant exercises. Investors who buy shares at different times will likely pay different prices. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, we will have discretion, subject to market demand, to vary the timing, prices, and number of shares sold to the Selling Stockholders. If and when we do elect to sell shares of our common stock to the Selling Stockholders pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Selling Stockholders may resell all, some or none of such shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion and at different prices. As a result, investors who purchase shares from the Selling Stockholders in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices for those shares, and may therefore experience different levels of dilution and in some cases substantial dilution and different outcomes in their investment results. Investors may experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase from the Selling Stockholders in this offering as a result of future sales made by us to the Selling Stockholders at prices lower than the prices such investors paid for their shares in this offering. Our management will have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds, if any, from our sale of shares of common stock to the Selling Stockholders, and you may not agree with how we use the proceeds and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. Our management will have broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from our sale of shares of common stock to the Selling Stockholders, and we could use them for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of commencement of this offering. Accordingly, you will be relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the use of those net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. It is possible that, pending their use, we may invest those net proceeds in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for us. The failure of our management to use such funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. We may not have access to the full amount available under the Purchase Agreement with the Selling Stockholders. We may require additional financing to sustain our operations, without which we may not be able to continue operations, and the terms of subsequent financings may adversely impact our stockholders. We may not be able to access the full amount of financing capacity contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, including any subsequently purchased notes and associated warrants, because draws after the initial closing are subject to the Selling Stockholder’s consent and the satisfaction or waiver of specified closing conditions, and we has no right to compel subsequent closings. For example, while we issued an aggregate principal amount of $15,000,000 of senior secured notes at the initial closing, any additional issuances of up to $35,000,000 in subsequently purchased notes require the Selling Stockholder’s written consent and the satisfaction of conditions to closing before December 15, 2028, and there is no assurance that we will meet those conditions or that the Selling Stockholders will consent. In addition, our ability to issue equity in lieu of cash for certain obligations or to settle conversions is subject to stock exchange limitations and beneficial ownership caps that may limit share issuances unless and until requisite stockholder approval is obtained, further constraining our ability to access non-cash settlement mechanics. Specifically, the notes and warrants include a 9.99% beneficial ownership limitation, which renders any issuance above such cap null and void, and, until stockholder approval is obtained, aggregate share issuances pursuant to the notes are capped by stock exchange rules, each of which may delay or prevent share-settled financings or redemptions. Moreover, the Purchase Agreement and related transaction documents impose restrictions that could limit our ability to pursue alternative equity-linked financing while the notes remain outstanding or while subsequent closings 