” and in other parts of this prospectus. Overview We are a precision oncology company
pioneering the discovery and development of small molecule, tumor-agnostic therapies targeting p53 mutations. p53 is a well-defined tumor suppressor protein known as the “guardian of the genome,” and normal, or wild-type, p53 has the
ability to eliminate cancer cells. However, mutant p53 proteins can be misfolded and lose their wild-type tumor suppressing function. These p53 mutations are found in approximately half of all cancers. The field of p53 biology was established by our
co-founder Dr. Arnold Levine when he discovered the p53 protein in 1979. We have leveraged more than four decades of research experience and developed unique insights into p53 to create a precision oncology platform designed to generate selective,
small molecule, tumor-agnostic therapies that structurally correct specific mutant p53 proteins to restore their wild-type function. We are deploying our precision oncology platform to target the top ten most frequent, or hotspot, p53 mutations that
are collectively associated with approximately 10-15% of all cancers. Since our formation in March 2013, we have devoted substantially all of our
time and efforts to performing research and development activities and raising capital. We are not profitable and have incurred losses in each year since our inception. Our net losses were $17.5 million and $25.4 million for the years
ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and $12.1 million and $15.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2019 and 2020, respectively. As of June 30, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $90.7 million. We do not currently
have any product candidates in clinical trials or approved for sale, and we continue to incur significant research and development and general administrative expenses related to our operations. We expect that our operating expenses will increase
significantly as we advance our product candidates through preclinical and clinical development, seek regulatory approval and prepare for and, if approved, proceed to commercialization; acquire, discover, validate and develop additional product
candidates; obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property portfolio; and hire additional personnel. In addition, upon the completion of this offering, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public
company. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We have funded our operations primarily from the issuance
and sale of convertible preferred stock. As of June 30, 2020, we had $86.1 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities. We believe that our existing capital resources, including $70.0 million of gross proceeds received
from the sale of 28,020,172 shares of our Series D convertible preferred stock in July 2020, will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least 12 months following the date of this offering. Our ability to generate product revenue will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of one or more of
our product candidates. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through private or public equity or debt financings, collaborative or other arrangements with corporate
sources, or through other sources of financing. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back
or discontinue the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 103 Table of Contents We plan to continue to use third-party service providers, including clinical research organizations,
or CROs, and contract manufacturing organization, or CMOs, to carry out our preclinical and clinical development and to manufacture and supply the materials to be used during the development and commercialization of our product candidates. We do not
currently have a sales force. Components of Results of Operations Revenue To date, we have not generated any revenue
from any sources, including from product sales, and we do not expect to generate any revenue from the sale of products in the foreseeable future. If our development efforts for our product candidates are successful and result in regulatory approval,
or license agreements with third parties, we may generate revenue in the future from product sales. However, there can be no assurance as to when we will generate such revenue, if at all. Operating Expenses Research and Development
Expenses Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred to conduct research, such as the discovery and
development of our product candidates as well as the development of future product candidates. Research and development expenses include personnel costs, including stock-based compensation expense, third-party contractor services,
laboratory materials and supplies, depreciation and maintenance of research equipment and an allocation of related facilities costs. We expense research and development costs as they are incurred. As we are at a very early stage of development, we do not allocate our costs by product candidate or development program, as a significant amount of
research and development expenses include compensation costs, materials, supplies, depreciation on and maintenance of research equipment, the cost of services provided by outside contractors and the allocable portions of facility costs and general
support services, which are not tracked by product candidate or development program. In particular, with respect to internal costs, several of our departments support multiple product candidate research and development programs, and therefore the
costs cannot be allocated to a particular product candidate or development program. Substantially all of our research and development costs are associated with our lead product candidate, PC14586. We expect our research and development expenses to increase substantially in absolute dollars in the future as we advance our product candidates into
and through clinical trials and pursue regulatory approval of our product candidates. The process of conducting the necessary clinical research to obtain regulatory approval is costly and time-consuming. The actual probability of success for our
product candidates may be affected by a variety of factors including: the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, early clinical data, investment in our clinical program, the ability of any future collaborators to successfully develop our
licensed product candidates, competition, manufacturing capability, and commercial viability. We may never succeed in achieving regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. As a result of the uncertainties discussed above, we are unable to
determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses include personnel costs, expenses for outside professional services and other allocated expenses. Personnel costs
consist of salaries, bonuses, benefits and stock-based compensation. Outside professional services consist of legal, accounting and audit 104 Table of Contents services and other consulting fees. Allocated expenses consist of rent expense related to our office and research and development facility. We expect to incur additional expenses as a public
company, including expenses related to compliance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and those of any national securities exchange on which our securities are traded, additional insurance expenses, investor
relations activities and other administrative and professional services. We expect to increase our headcount significantly to operate as a public company. We also expect to increase our general and administrative expenses as we advance our product
candidates through preclinical research and development, manufacturing, clinical development and commercialization. Interest Income, Net Interest income, net primarily consists of interest income from our interest-bearing cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable
securities and interest costs related to amortization of premiums and discounts on short-term marketable securities. Results of Operations Comparison of the Six Months Ended June 30, 2019 and 2020 The following table summarizes our results of operations (in thousands): Six Months Ended June 30, Statement of operations data: 2019 2020 Change (unaudited) (unaudited) Operating expenses: Research and development $ 10,165 $ 11,760 $ 1,595 General and administrative 2,676 3,979 1,303 Total operating expenses 12,841 15,739 2,898 Loss from operations (12,841 ) (15,739 ) (2,898 ) Other income (expense): Interest income, net 714 563 (151 ) Other income (expense) — (43 ) (43 ) Total other income (expense) 714 520 (194 ) Loss before provision for income taxes (12,127 ) (15,219 ) (3,092 ) Provision for income taxes 2 2 — Net loss $ (12,129 ) $ (15,221 ) $ (3,092 ) Research and Development Expenses The following table summarizes our research and development expenses incurred during the periods indicated (in thousands): Six Months Ended June 30, Statement of operations data: 2019 2020 Change (unaudited) (unaudited) Research $ 4,720 $ 3,207 $ (1,513 ) Pre-clinical development 2,600 4,593 1,993 Personnel related 2,718 3,640 922 Stock-based compensation 127 320 193 Total $ 10,165 $ 11,760 $ 1,595 105 Table of Contents Research and development expenses were $10.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2019, compared
to $11.8 million for the six months ended June 30, 2020. The increase of $1.6 million was primarily due to the following: • There was a decrease of $1.5 million in research expense wh