You should carefully consider the risk factors set forth
    below as well as the other information contained in this
    prospectus before investing in our common stock. Any of the
    following risks could materially and adversely affect our
    business, financial condition or results of operations. In such
    a case, you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks
    described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional
    risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we
    currently view to be immaterial may also materially adversely
    affect our business, financial condition or results of
    operations. Risks
    Relating to Our Business We
    have incurred significant operating losses since inception, are
    currently selling the OmniPod System at a loss and cannot assure
    you that we will achieve profitability. Since our inception in 2000, we have incurred losses every
    quarter. We began commercial sales of the OmniPod System in
    October 2005 and we are currently not able to manufacture and
    sell the OmniPod System at a cost and in volumes sufficient to
    allow us to achieve profitability. For the quarter ended
    June 30, 2007, our gross loss from the manufacture and sale
    of the OmniPod System was $3.7 million. The extent of our
    future operating losses and the timing of profitability are
    highly uncertain, and we may never achieve or sustain
    profitability. We have incurred a significant net loss since our
    inception, including a net loss of $12.7 million for the
    quarter ended June 30, 2007. As of June 30, 2007, we
    had an accumulated deficit of $126.3 million. As we have
    grown our business, our net loss has increased each quarter and
    we expect our rate of loss to continue to increase on a
    quarterly basis into 2008. We
    currently rely entirely on sales of our sole product, the
    OmniPod System, to generate revenues. The failure of the OmniPod
    System to achieve and maintain significant market acceptance or
    any factors that negatively impact sales of this product will
    adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
    of operations. Our sole product is the OmniPod System, which we introduced to
    the market in October 2005. We expect to derive substantially
    all of our revenue from the sale of this product. Accordingly,
    our ability to generate revenues is entirely reliant on our
    ability to market and sell the devices that comprise the OmniPod
    System. Our sales of the OmniPod System may be negatively
    impacted by many factors, including: • the failure of the OmniPod System to achieve acceptance among
    opinion leaders in the diabetes treatment community,
    insulin-prescribing physicians, third-party payors and people
    with insulin-dependent diabetes; • manufacturing problems; • changes in reimbursement rates or policies relating to the
    OmniPod System by third-party payors; • claims that any portion of the OmniPod System infringes on
    patent rights or other intellectual property rights owned by
    other parties; • adverse regulatory or legal actions relating to the OmniPod
    System; • damage, destruction or loss of any of our automated assembly
    units; • competitive pricing and related factors; and • results of clinical studies relating to the OmniPod System or
    our competitors’ products. If any of these events occurs, our ability to generate revenues
    could be significantly reduced. 9 Table of Contents Our
    ability to achieve profitability from a current net loss level
    will depend on our ability to reduce the per unit cost of
    producing the OmniPod through the successful implementation of
    our automated manufacturing strategy and our plan to purchase
    complete OmniPods manufactured in China. Currently, the sale price of the OmniPod System is not
    sufficient to cover our direct manufacturing costs. We are in
    the process of completing the construction, testing and
    installation of automated manufacturing equipment to be used in
    the assembly of the OmniPod in order to increase our
    manufacturing volume. Increased volumes will allow for volume
    purchase discounts to reduce our raw material costs and improve
    absorption of manufacturing overhead costs. During 2008, we
    expect to complete the planned automation of our existing
    manufacturing line at our facility in Bedford, Massachusetts.
    Pending construction and installation of the remaining automated
    manufacturing equipment that we plan to use, we are manually
    performing these steps in the manufacturing process, which
    limits our ability to increase our manufacturing capacity and
    decrease our per unit cost of goods sold, thereby causing us to
    incur negative gross margins. In addition, we expect that during
    2008, construction of a partially automated manufacturing line
    will be completed at a facility in China operated by a
    subsidiary of Flextronics International Ltd. We cannot assure
    you that we will successfully complete the planned automation of
    our existing manufacturing line or subsequent lines in the
    future, complete construction of the partially automated line in
    China or otherwise reduce the per unit cost of manufacturing the
    OmniPod. Failure to do so would limit our production capacity
    and our ability to reduce raw material and manufacturing
    overhead costs. If we are unable to reduce raw material and
    manufacturing overhead costs through volume purchase discounts
    and increased production capacity, our ability to achieve
    profitability will be severely constrained. We
    are dependent upon third-party suppliers, making us vulnerable
    to supply problems and price fluctuations. We rely on a number of suppliers who manufacture the components
    of the OmniPods and PDMs. For example, we rely on Phillips
    Plastic Corporation to manufacture and supply a number of
    injection molded components of the OmniPod, Freescale
    Semiconductor, Inc. to manufacture and supply the application
    specific integrated circuit that is incorporated into the
    OmniPod and a subsidiary of Flextronics International Ltd. to
    manufacture a sub-assembly of some of the OmniPod’s
    components. Each of these suppliers is a sole-source supplier.
    In addition, we have recently expanded the scope of our existing
    contract manufacturing agreement with a subsidiary of
    Flextronics International Ltd. in China to cover the supply of
    complete OmniPods. We do not have long-term supply agreements
    with most of our suppliers, and, in many cases, we make our
    purchases on a purchase order basis. In some other cases, where
    we do have agreements in place, our agreements with our
    suppliers can be terminated by either party upon short notice.
    Our suppliers may encounter problems during manufacturing due to
    a variety of reasons, including failure to follow specific
    protocols and procedures, failure to comply with applicable
    regulations, equipment malfunction and environmental factors,
    any of which could delay or impede their ability to meet our
    demand. Our reliance on these third-party suppliers also
    subjects us to other risks that could harm our business,
    including: • we are not a major customer of many of our suppliers, and these
    suppliers may therefore give other customers’ needs higher
    priority than ours; • we may not be able to obtain adequate supply in a timely manner
    or on commercially reasonable terms; • our suppliers, especially new suppliers, may make errors in
    manufacturing that could negatively affect the efficacy or
    safety of the OmniPod System or cause delays in shipment; • we may have difficulty locating and qualifying alternative
    suppliers for our sole-source supplies; • switching components may require product redesign and submission
    to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, of a
    510(k) supplement; • our suppliers manufacture products for a range of customers, and
    fluctuations in demand for the products these suppliers
    manufacture for others may affect their ability to deliver
    products to us in a timely manner; and 10 Table of Contents • our suppliers may encounter financial hardships unrelated to our
    demand, which could inhibit their ability to fulfill our orders
    and meet our requirements. We may not be able to quickly establish additional or
    replacement suppliers, particularly for our sole-source
    suppliers, in part because of the FDA approval process and
    because of the custom nature of various parts we require. Any
    interruption or delay in obtaining products from our third-party
    suppliers, or our inability to obtain products from alternate
    sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair
    our ability to meet the demand of our customers and cause them
    to cancel orders or switch to competing products. Our
    financial condition or results of operations may be adversely
    affected by international business risks. In order to reduce our cost of goods sold and increase our
    production capacity, we increasingly rely on third party
    suppliers located outside of the United States. For example, on
    January 3, 2007, we entered into a non-exclusive contract
    manufacturing agreement with a subsidiary of Flextronics
    International Ltd. for the supply of a sub-assembly of some of
    the OmniPod’s components. In the second quarter of 2007, we
    received initial shipments of OmniPod sub-assemblies from
    Flextronics under the agreement. On October 4, 2007, we
    expanded the scope of that agreement to cover the production of
    complete OmniPods. During 2008, we expect to complete the
    construction of a partially automated manufacturing line at a
    facility in China operated by Flextronics. As a result, our
 