You should carefully consider the risks
described below in connection with reviewing this prospectus. If
any of the events referred to below actually occur, our
business, financial condition, liquidity and results of
operation could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your
investment. You should also refer to the other information in
this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements
and the related notes. Risks Related to Our Business We may not be able to collect sufficient
amounts on our defaulted consumer receivables to fund our
operations Our business consists of acquiring and servicing
receivables that consumers have failed to pay and that the
credit originator has deemed uncollectible and has charged-off.
The credit originators generally make numerous attempts to
recover on their defaulted consumer receivables, often using a
combination of in-house recovery efforts and third-party
collection agencies. These defaulted consumer receivables are
difficult to collect and we may not collect a sufficient amount
to cover our investment associated with purchasing the defaulted
consumer receivables and the costs of running our business. We may not be able to purchase defaulted
consumer receivables at appropriate prices, and a decrease in
our ability to purchase portfolios of receivables could
adversely affect our ability to generate revenue If one or more credit originators stops selling
defaulted receivables to us and we are otherwise unable to
purchase defaulted receivables from credit originators at
appropriate prices, we could lose a potential source of income
and our business may be harmed. The availability of receivables portfolios at
prices which generate an appropriate return on our investment
depends on a number of factors both within and outside of our
control, including the following: • the continuation of current growth trends in the
    levels of consumer obligations; • sales of receivables portfolios by credit
    originators; and • competitive factors affecting potential
    purchasers and credit originators of receivables. Because of the length of time involved in
collecting defaulted consumer receivables on acquired portfolios
and the volatility in the timing of our collections, we may not
be able to identify trends and make changes in our purchasing
strategies in a timely manner. We are currently party to a “forward flow
contract.” A forward flow contract is an arrangement in
which we agree to purchase defaulted consumer receivables based
on specific parameters from a third-party supplier on a periodic
basis at a set price over a specified time period. To the extent
that we are unable to renew or replace the purchased volume
represented by our forward flow contract if it is cancelled, or
when it expires, we could lose a potential source of income and
our business may be harmed. We experience high employee turnover rates and
we may not be able to hire and retain enough sufficiently
trained employees to support our operations The accounts receivables management industry is
very labor intensive and, similar to other companies in our
industry, we typically experience a high rate of employee
turnover. Our annual turnover rate, excluding those employees
that do not complete our six week training program, was 34% in
2002. We compete for qualified personnel with companies in our
industry and in other industries. Our growth requires that we
continually hire and train new collectors. A higher turnover
rate among our collectors will increase our recruiting and
training costs and limit the number of experienced collection
personnel available to service our defaulted consumer
receivables. If this were to occur, we would not be able to 9 service our defaulted consumer receivables
effectively and this would reduce our ability to continue our
growth and operate profitability. We serve markets that are highly competitive,
and we may be unable to continue to successfully compete with
businesses that may have greater resources than we
have We face competition in both of the markets we
serve — owned portfolio and contingent fee accounts
receivable management — from new and existing
providers of outsourced receivables management services,
including other purchasers of defaulted consumer receivables
portfolios, third-party contingent fee collection agencies and
credit originators that manage their own defaulted consumer
receivables rather than outsourcing them. The accounts
receivable management industry is highly fragmented and
competitive, consisting of approximately 6,500 consumer and
commercial agencies, most of which compete in the contingent fee
business. We face bidding competition in our acquisition of
defaulted consumer receivables and in our placement of
contingent fee receivables, and we also compete on the basis of
reputation, industry experience and performance. Some of our
current competitors and possible new competitors may have
substantially greater financial, personnel and other resources,
greater adaptability to changing market needs, longer operating
histories and more established relationships in our industry
than we currently have. In the future, we may not have the
resources or ability to compete successfully. As there are few
significant barriers for entry to new providers of contingent
fee receivables management services, there can be no assurance
that additional competitors with greater resources than ours
will not enter our market. Moreover, there can be no assurance
that our existing or potential clients will continue to
outsource their defaulted consumer receivables at recent levels
or at all, or that we may continue to offer competitive bids for
defaulted consumer receivables portfolios. If we are unable to
develop and expand our business or adapt to changing market
needs as well as our current or future competitors are able to
do, we may experience reduced access to defaulted consumer
receivables portfolios at appropriate prices and reduced
profitability. We may not be successful at acquiring
receivables of new asset types or in implementing a new pricing
structure We may pursue the acquisition of receivables
portfolios of asset types in which we have little current
experience. We may not be successful in completing any
acquisitions of receivables of these asset types and our limited
experience in these asset types may impair our ability to
collect on these receivables. This may cause us to pay too much
for these receivables and consequently we may not generate a
profit from these receivables portfolio acquisitions. In addition, we may in the future provide a
service to clients in which clients will place defaulted
consumer receivables with us for a specific period of time for a
flat fee. This fee may be based on the number of collectors
assigned to the collection of these receivables, the amount of
receivables placed or other bases. We may not be successful in
determining and implementing the appropriate pricing structure
for this service, which may cause us to be unable to generate a
profit from this business. Our collections may decrease if certain types
of bankruptcy filings increase During times of economic recession, the amount of
defaulted consumer receivables generally increases, which
contributes to an increase in the amount of personal bankruptcy
filings. Under certain bankruptcy filings a debtor’s assets
are liquidated to repay credit originators, but since the
defaulted consumer receivables we service are generally
unsecured we often would not be able to collect on those
receivables. We cannot assure you that our collection experience
would not decline with an increase in these types of bankruptcy
filings. If our actual collection experience with respect to a
defaulted consumer receivables portfolio is significantly lower
than we projected when we purchased the portfolio, our financial
condition and results of operations could deteriorate. 10 Our contingent fee collections operations have
a limited operating history Our contingent fee collections operations
commenced in March 2001. These operations are in the early
stages of development. Accordingly, these operations have a
relatively limited operating history and their prospects must be
considered in light of the risks and uncertainties facing
early-stage companies. As of March 31, 2003, we have
contingent fee collection arrangements with 8 credit
originators or debt buyers. Our contingent fee collections
operations incurred a loss in 2001 and were only slightly
profitable in 2002. Although we are currently generating
positive operating income for our contingent fee collections
operations, our limited operating history makes prediction of
future results difficult. We may make acquisitions that prove
unsuccessful or strain or divert our resources We intend to consider acquisitions of other
companies in our industry that could complement our business,
including the acquisition of entities offering greater access
and expertise in other asset types and markets that we do not
currently serve. We have little experience in completing
acquisitions of other businesses, and we may not be able to
successfully complete an acquisition. If we do acquire other
businesses, we may not be able to successfully integrate these
businesses with our own and we may be unable to maintain our
standards, controls and policies. Further, acquisitions may
place additional constraints on our resources by diverting the
attention of our management from other business concerns.
Through acquisitions, we may enter markets in which we have no
or limited experience. Moreover, any acquisition may result in a
potentially dilutive issuance of equity securities, the
incurrence of additional debt and amortization of expenses
related intangible assets, all of which could reduce our
profitability and harm our business. We may not be able to continually replace our
defaulted consumer re