—Risks Related to Intellectual Property Matters” for additional information regarding these and other risks related to our intellectual property portfolio and their potential effect on us. License Agreement with AquaBeam In 2008, we assigned to AquaBeam LLC, or AquaBeam, certain provisional patent applications, or AquaBeam Patent Applications, which have since issued as patents, and any future patent applications that claim priority to the AquaBeam Patent Applications, or AquaBeam Patents. AquaBeam is affiliated with Rodney Perkins, one of our co-founders and a member of our board of directors who will resign from the board effective immediately upon effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and Nikolai Aljuri, who holds more than 5% of our common stock. In September 2019, we entered into an amended and restated license agreement, or the AquaBeam License Agreement, with AquaBeam. Pursuant to the AquaBeam License Agreement, AquaBeam grants us a worldwide, exclusive (even as to AquaBeam), sublicensable, royalty-free license under the AquaBeam Patents and to all other patent rights owned by AquaBeam, which are filed on or before the earlier of October 28, 2021 and the date on which we are acquired by a third party, that claim certain technology related to delivering energy to tissues by directing a liquid fluid stream, or together with AquaBeam Patents, Licensed Patents, in the field of urology, or Field. Pursuant to the AquaBeam License Agreement, and subject to the terms therein, we grant AquaBeam a worldwide, exclusive (even as to us), sublicensable, royalty-free license under certain of our patents rights, which are filed on or before the earlier of October 28, 2021 and the date on which AquaBeam is acquired by a third party, that claim certain technology related to delivering energy to tissues by directing a liquid fluid stream, or PROCEPT Patents, outside the Field. No upfront payments or milestone payments (except for patent prosecution and maintenance costs) have been made or are otherwise required under the AquaBeam License Agreement. If AquaBeam desires to grant a license under the Licensed Patents to any third party outside the Field on or before the earlier of October 28, 2021 and the date on which AquaBeam is acquired by a third party, we have the first right to negotiate such license grant pursuant to the terms of the AquaBeam License Agreement. AquaBeam has the first right to prosecute and maintain the Licensed Patents and we have the right to step-in if AquaBeam declines or fails to prosecute or maintain any of the Licensed Patents. We have the first right to prosecute and maintain the PROCEPT Patents. We have the first right to enforce the Licensed Patents and the PROCEPT Patents if a third party infringes on any such patents in the Field, provided, if such third party infringes 130 the Licensed Patents or the PROCEPT Patents both in and outside of the Field , or Cross-Field Infringement, and AquaBeam or any of its other licensees under the Licensed Patents or the PROCEPT Patents are developing or commercializing products that are covered by the infringed Licensed Patents or the PROCEPT Patents, then AquaBeam and we will discuss which party will control the enforcement action with respect to such Cross-Field Infringement. The AquaBeam License Agreement will remain in full force and effect on a country-by-country basis until the last to expire of the Licensed Patents and the PROCEPT Patents in such country. The expiration date of the last-to-expire of the Licensed Patents and PROCEPT Patents will not be earlier than 2037. The AquaBeam License Agreement may be terminated by either party in the event of uncured material breach by the other party that remains uncured for 90 days (or 30 days for payment related breaches), or bankruptcy of the other party. Government Regulation Our products and our operations are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other federal and state authorities in the United States, as well as comparable authorities in the EEA. Our products are subject to regulation as medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, as implemented and enforced by the FDA. The FDA regulates the development, design, non-clinical and clinical research, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling, packaging, storage, installation, servicing, recordkeeping, premarket clearance or approval, import, export, adverse event reporting, advertising, promotion, marketing and distribution, and import and export of medical devices to ensure that medical devices distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses and otherwise meet the requirements of the FDCA. In addition to U.S. regulations, we are subject to a variety of regulations in the EEA governing clinical trials and the commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we have or are required to obtain FDA clearance or approval for a product, we will be required to obtain authorization before commencing clinical trials and to obtain marketing authorization or approval of our products under the comparable regulatory authorities of countries outside of the United States before we can commence clinical trials or commercialize our products in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA clearance or approval. FDA Premarket Clearance and Approval Requirements Unless an exemption applies, each medical device commercially distributed in the United States requires either FDA clearance of a 510(k) premarket notification or PMA approval. Under the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes—Class I, Class II or Class III—depending on the degree of risk associated with each medical device and the extent of manufacturer and regulatory control needed to ensure its safety and effectiveness. Class I includes devices with the lowest risk to the patient and are those for which safety and effectiveness can be assured by adherence to the FDA’s General Controls for medical devices, which include compliance with the applicable portions of the QSR, facility registration and product listing, reporting of adverse medical events, and truthful and non-misleading labeling, advertising, and promotional materials. Class II devices are subject to the FDA’s General Controls, and special controls as deemed necessary by the FDA to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. These special controls can include performance standards, post-market surveillance, patient registries and FDA guidance documents. While most Class I devices are exempt from the 510(k) premarket notification requirement, manufacturers of most Class II devices are required to submit to the FDA a premarket notification under Section 510(k) of the FDCA requesting permission to commercially distribute the device. The FDA’s permission to commercially distribute a device subject to a 510(k) premarket notification is generally known as 510(k) clearance. Under the 510(k) process, the manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification demonstrating that the device is “substantially equivalent” to either a device that was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976, the date upon which the Medical Device Amendments of 1976 were enacted, or another commercially available device that was cleared to through the 510(k) process. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or some implantable devices, or devices that have a new intended use, or use advanced technology that is not substantially 131 equivalent to that of a legally marketed device, are placed in Class III, requiring are unclassified, but are subject to the FDA’s premarket notification and clearance process in order to be commercially distributed. De Novo Classification Medical device types that the FDA has not previously classified as Class I, II or III are automatically classified into Class III regardless of the level of risk they pose. The Food and Drug Administration Modernization Act of 1997 established a new route to market for low to moderate risk medical devices that are automatically placed into Class III due to the absence of a predicate device, called the “Request for Evaluation of Automatic Class III Designation,” or the de novo classification procedure. This procedure allows a manufacturer whose novel device is automatically classified into Class III to request down-classification of its medical device into Class I or Class II on the basis that the device presents low or moderate risk, rather than requiring the submission and approval of a PMA application. Prior to the enactment of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act of 2012, or FDASIA, a medical device could only be eligible for de novo classification if the manufacturer first submitted a 510(k) pre-market notification and received a determination from the FDA that the device was not substantially equivalent. FDASIA streamlined the de novo classification pathway by permitting manufacturers to request de novo classification directly without first submitting a 510(k) pre-market notification to the FDA and receiving a not substantially equivalent determination. Under FDASIA, the FDA is required to classify the device within 120 days following receipt of the de novo application. If the manufacturer seeks reclassification into Class II, the manufacturer must include a draft proposal for special controls that are necessary to provide a reasonable assurance of the safety and effectiveness of the medical device. In addition, the FDA may reject the reclassification petition if it identifies a legally marketed predicate device that would be appropriate for a 510(k) or determines that the device is not low to moderate risk or that general controls would be inadequate to control the risks and special controls cannot b