” in
this prospectus. May shareholders in all states participate in the rights offering? Although we intend to distribute the rights to all shareholders, we reserve the right in some states to require shareholders,
if they wish to participate, to state and agree upon exercise of their respective rights that they are 11 Table of Contents acquiring the shares for investment purposes only, and that they have no present intention to resell or transfer any shares acquired. Our securities are not being offered in any jurisdiction
where the offer is not permitted under applicable local laws. If the rights offering is not completed, will my subscription payment be refunded to me? Yes. The subscription agent will hold all funds it receives in a segregated bank account until completion of the
rights offering. If the rights offering is not completed, all subscription payments received by the subscription agent will be returned, without interest, as soon as practicable. If you own shares in “street name,” it may take longer for
you to receive payment because the subscription agent will return payments through the record holder of the shares. Will the subscription rights be
listed on a stock exchange or national market? The subscription rights may not be sold, transferred or assigned and
will not be listed or quoted for trading on any stock exchange or market, including the Nasdaq Capital Market. How do I exercise my subscription
rights if I live outside the United States? We will not mail this prospectus or the rights certificates to
shareholders whose addresses are outside the United States or who have an army post office or foreign post office address. The subscription agent will hold the rights certificates for their account. To exercise subscription rights, our foreign
shareholders must notify the subscription agent and timely follow the procedures described in “The Rights Offering—Foreign Shareholders.” What fees or charges apply if I purchase shares of our common stock? We are not charging any fee or sales commission to issue subscription rights to you or to issue shares to you if you exercise
your subscription rights. If you exercise your subscription rights through the record holder of your shares, you are responsible for paying any fees your record holder may charge you. What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of exercising subscription rights? For U.S. federal income tax purposes, you generally should not recognize income or loss in connection with the receipt or
exercise of subscription rights unless the rights offering is part of a “disproportionate distribution” of our stock within the meaning of applicable tax rules (in which case you may recognize taxable income upon receipt of the
subscription rights). We believe, and intend to take the position, that the rights offering should not be part of a disproportionate distribution of our stock but certain aspects of that determination are unclear. This position is not binding on the
IRS or the courts, however. You are urged to consult your own tax advisor as to your particular tax consequences resulting from the receipt, exercise and expiration of subscription rights and the acquisition, ownership and disposition of our common
stock. For further information, please see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations.” To whom should I send my forms and
payment? If your shares are held in the name of a broker, dealer or other nominee, then you should send your
subscription documents, rights certificate and subscription payment to that record holder. If you are the record 12 Table of Contents holder, then you should send your subscription documents, rights certificate and subscription payment by hand delivery, first class mail or overnight courier service to: By hand delivery or overnight courier, excluding U.S. Postal Service: Broadridge, Inc. Attention: BCIS
IWS 51 Mercedes Way Edgewood,
New York 11717 By mail: Broadridge, Inc. Attention: BCIS
Re-Organization Dept. P.O. Box 1317 Brentwood, New York 11717-0718 You are solely responsible for completing delivery to the subscription agent of your subscription documents, rights
certificate and payment. We urge you to allow sufficient time for delivery of your subscription materials to the subscription agent. Whom should I
contact if I have other questions? If you have other questions or need assistance, please contact Broadridge Corporate
Issuer Solutions, LLC at (855) 739-5068 or by email (shareholder@broadridge.com). 13 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below,
together with the other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could suffer. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our
Business Our business risks are described in detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2025. The following risk factors update and supplement the risk factors included in such Annual Report. Updated Business Risk Factors Our actual incurred losses may be greater than our loss and loss adjustment expense reserves, which could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Insurance companies’ financial
condition and results of operations depend upon their ability to accurately assess the potential losses and loss adjustment expenses under the terms of the insurance policies they underwrite. Reserves and related estimates of reinsurance
recoverables on reserves do not represent an exact calculation of the respective liability and related asset. Rather, reserves and reinsurance recoverables on reserves represent an estimate of what the expected ultimate settlement and
administration of claims will cost, and the ultimate liability and related asset may be greater or less than the current estimate. Our ultimate reinsurance recoverable may be greater or less than the current estimate. In the insurance industry,
there is always the risk that reserves may prove inadequate as it is possible for insurance companies to underestimate the cost of claims. There has been considerable adverse development reported by the Company in recent years. We base our estimates on our assessment of known facts and circumstances, as well as estimates of future trends in claim
severity, claim frequency, judicial theories of liability and other factors. These variables are affected by both internal and external events that could increase our exposure to losses, including changes in actuarial projections, claims
handling procedures, inflation, severe weather, climate change, economic and judicial trends, and legislative changes. We continually monitor reserves using new information on reported claims and a variety of statistical techniques to update
our current estimate. Our estimates could prove to be inadequate, and this underestimation could have a material adverse effect on our financial strength. The uncertainties we encounter in establishing our loss reserves include: • For the majority of our policies, we are obligated to pay any covered loss that occurs while the policy is in
force. Accordingly, claims may be reported and develop many years after a policy has lapsed; • Even when a claim is received, it may take considerable time to fully appreciate the extent of the covered
loss suffered by the insured and, consequently, estimates of loss associated with specific claims can increase over time; • New theories of liability are enforced retroactively from time to time by courts; • Volatility in the financial markets, economic events, weather events and other external factors may result in
an increase in the number of claims and the severity of the claims reported. In addition, elevated inflationary conditions would, among other things, drive loss costs to increase; • Anticipated reinsurance recoverables on reserves could be negatively impacted by contractual limits of
coverage. For example, the loss portfolio transfer which covers the potential for future adverse development on commercial lines for accident years prior to 2020, has a $20.0 million limit. 14 Table of Contents As of September 30, 2025, we recorded $18.4 million of utilization of
that limit and have $1.6 million of coverage remaining. We recorded $10.6 million of total reinsurance recoverables related to the LPT at September 30, 2025. In December 2025, the reinsurer providing the loss portfolio transfer (“LPT”) failed to properly fund a
$4.4 million short fall in collateral to support the recoverability of reinsurance recoverables we reported in the most recent September 30, 2025, Form 10-Q. On December 12, 2025, the Supreme Court of Bermuda Commercial Companies appointed
joint provisional liquidators to that reinsurer. It appears likely that the collateral short fall will not be funded and
we may need to write off between $2.0 million and $4.4 million of LPT recoverables reported on the September 30, 2025, Form 10-Q, when we file our December 31, 2025 financial statements reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, which will be filed in March 2026. This will depend upon how the reserves subject to the LPT develop as a result of our December 31, 2025, actuarial analysis. In addition, as of September 30, 2025, on Form 10-Q, we reported that there was still $1.6 million of unused coverage on
the LPT. To the extent reserves subject to the LPT, in accident years 2019 and prior, develop adversely we would not expect to record any additional recoveries under LPT in light of the reinsurer’s current financial condition.; • When we enter new lines of business, or encounter new theories of claims liability, 