Investing in our common stock involves substantial risks. You
should consider carefully the following risks and other information in this prospectus, including our combined and pro forma financial statements and related notes, before you decide to purchase our common stock. If any of the following risks
actually materializes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Distribution Structure Our failure to continue to attract large numbers of
new recruits and retain sales representatives or to maintain the licensing success of our sales representatives would materially adversely affect our business. New sales representatives provide us with access to new referrals, enable us to increase sales, expand our client base and
provide the next generation of successful sales representatives. As is typical with insurance and distribution businesses, we experience a high rate of turnover among our part-time sales representatives, which requires us to attract, retain and
motivate a large number of sales representatives. Recruiting is primarily performed by our current sales representatives and the effectiveness of our recruiting is generally dependent upon our reputation as a provider of a rewarding and potentially
lucrative income opportunity, as well as the general competitive and economic environment. The motivation of recruits to complete their training and licensing requirements and to commit to selling our products is largely dependent upon the
effectiveness of our compensation and promotional programs and the competitiveness of such programs compared with other companies, including other part-time business opportunities. If our new business opportunities and products do not generate sufficient interest to attract new recruits,
motivate them to become licensed sales representatives and incentivize them to sell our products and recruit other new sales representatives, our business would be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, if we or any other direct sales businesses with a
similar distribution structure engage in practices resulting in increased negative public attention for our business, the resulting reputational challenges could adversely affect our ability to attract new recruits. Certain of our key RVPs have large sales organizations that
include thousands of downline sales representatives. These key RVPs are responsible for attracting, motivating, supporting and assisting the sales representatives in their sales organizations. The loss of one or more key RVPs, together with a
substantial number of their sales representatives, for any reason, including movement to a competitor, or any other event that causes the departure of a large number of sales representatives, could materially adversely affect our financial results
and could impair our ability to attract new sales representatives. There are a number of laws and regulations that could apply to our distribution model, which subjects us to the risk that we may have to modify our distribution structure. In the past, certain direct sale distribution models have been
subject to challenge under various laws, including laws relating to business opportunities, franchising, pyramid schemes and unfair or deceptive trade practices. If these laws were to apply to us, we may be required to make changes to our
distribution model, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. State business opportunity laws often impose, among other things, registration and disclosure requirements. While we have not been and are
not currently subject to such laws, there is a risk that a governmental agency or court could disagree with our assessment or that these laws and regulations could change. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, is in the process of
promulgating a new “Business Opportunity Rule,” which would 12 Table of Contents not apply to companies like ours as currently drafted, but could be broadened in its final form to encompass our business. Becoming subject to business opportunity or franchise laws or
regulations could require us to provide certain disclosures and regulate the manner in which we recruit our sales representatives that may increase the expense of, or adversely impact our success in, recruiting new sales representatives and make it
more difficult for us to successfully attract and recruit new sales representatives or require us to change our business model, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There are various laws and regulations that prohibit fraudulent
or deceptive schemes known as “pyramid schemes.” The application of these laws and regulations to a given set of business practices is inherently fact-based and, therefore, is subject to interpretation by applicable enforcement
authorities. Thus, even though we believe that our distribution practices are currently in compliance with, or exempt from, these laws and regulations, there is a risk that a governmental agency or court could disagree with our assessment or that
these laws and regulations could change, which may require us to alter our distribution model or cease our operations in certain jurisdictions or result in other costs or fines, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. There are
also federal, state and provincial laws of general application, such as the Federal Trade Commission Act, or the FTC Act, and state or provincial unfair and deceptive trade practices laws that could potentially be invoked to challenge aspects of our
recruiting of sales representatives and compensation practices. In particular, our recruiting efforts include promotional materials for recruits that describe the potential opportunity available to them if they join our sales force. These materials,
as well as our other recruiting efforts and those of our sales representatives, are subject to scrutiny by the FTC and state and provincial enforcement authorities with respect to misleading statements, including misleading earnings claims made to
convince potential new recruits to join our sales force. If claims made by us or by our sales representatives are deemed to be misleading, it could result in violations of the FTC Act or comparable state and provincial statutes prohibiting unfair or
deceptive trade practices or result in reputational harm, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of our sales
representatives is successfully challenged. Our sales representatives are treated by us as independent contractors who operate their own businesses. In the past, we have been successful in defending our company against claims that our sales representatives should be treated like
employees in various contexts before courts and administrative agencies. Of note, the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, issued a National Office Technical Advice Memorandum in 1997 confirming the independent contractor status of our U.S. sales
representatives for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Nevertheless, there is a risk that the IRS or another authority will take a different view or that the standing practice of our industry will change. Furthermore, the tests governing the
determination of whether an individual is considered to be an independent contractor or an employee are typically fact sensitive and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Laws and regulations that govern the status of independent sales
representatives are subject to change or interpretation by various authorities. If a federal, state or provincial authority or court enacts legislation or adopts regulations that change the manner in which employees and independent contractors are
classified or makes any adverse determination with respect to some or all of our independent contractors, we could incur significant costs in complying with such laws and regulations, including, in respect of tax withholding, social security
payments and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there is the risk that we may be subject
to significant monetary liabilities arising from fines or judgments as a result of any such actual or alleged non-compliance with federal, state, or provincial tax or employment laws. Further, if it were determined that our sales representatives
should be treated as employees, we could possibly incur additional liabilities with respect to any applicable employee benefit plan. 13 Table of Contents Our sales representatives’ non-compliance with any applicable laws could subject us to material
liabilities. Extensive federal, state,
provincial and local laws regulate our products and our relationships with our clients, imposing certain requirements that our sales representatives must follow. Some of these requirements and procedures vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but
many of them, especially those applicable to our securities business, arise from applicable securities laws or from the rules promulgated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., or FINRA, or other applicable regulatory authorities. In
addition to imposing requirements that representatives must follow in their dealings with clients, these laws and rules generally require us to maintain a system of supervision to attempt to ensure that our sales representatives comply with these
requirements. In order to comply with these laws, we have developed policies, procedures and controls to supervise