” section of this prospectus. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Overview We are a biotechnology company committed to delivering a new class of differentiated one-time curative genetic therapies to address the widest spectrum of diseases by deploying our Prime Editing technology, which we believe is a versatile, precise, efficient and broad gene editing technology. Genetic mutations implicated in disease are diverse and can range from errors of a single base, known as point mutations, to errors that extend beyond a single base, such as insertions, deletions, duplications, or combinations thereof. Other mutations can affect regulatory sequences that control the function of genes and can affect the function of larger biochemical and genetic pathways. Furthermore, natural genetic variations, revealed by population-level genomic studies, are known to protect against or to increase risk of disease. To maximize the impact of these genetic insights, we believe the ability to alter the human genome at the foundational level may confer the greatest therapeutic impact on human disease. Since our inception in September 2019, we have devoted substantially all of our efforts on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, research and development activities, developing our Prime Editing platform, building our intellectual property portfolio and providing general and administrative support for these operations. To date, we have financed our operations primarily with proceeds from sales of preferred stock. Through June 30, 2022, we had received gross proceeds of $315.8 million from sales of preferred stock. We have incurred significant operating losses since inception. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability will depend heavily on the successful development and eventual commercialization of any product candidates we may develop. We generated net losses of $2.5 million, $3.4 million, $165.4 million, $86.0 million, and $53.2 million for the period from September 13, 2019 (inception) to December 31, 2019, the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, and the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of $224.6 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses for at least the next several years if and as we: • continue our current research programs and preclinical development of any product candidates we identify; • seek to identify additional research programs and product candidates; • initiate preclinical studies and clinical trials for any product candidates we may identify; • experience any delays or interruptions due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, including delays in preclinical testing and clinical trials or interruptions in the supply chain for any future product candidates; • further develop our in-licensed and company-owned gene editing platform, which we call our Prime Editing platform; • maintain, expand, enforce, defend and protect our intellectual property portfolio and provide reimbursement of third-party expenses related to our patent portfolio; • seek marketing approvals for any product candidates for which we successfully complete clinical trials; 93 • develop, maintain and enhance a sustainable, scalable, reproducible and transferable manufacturing process for the product candidates we may develop; • ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any therapies for which we may obtain marketing approval; • hire additional research and development personnel; • hire clinical and commercial personnel; • add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development; • acquire or in-license product candidates, intellectual property and technologies; • establish and maintain collaborations; • should we decide to do so, build and maintain a commercial-scale current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, manufacturing facility; and • operate as a public company. We will not generate revenue from product sales unless and until we successfully initiate and complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval for any product candidates. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates and do not enter into a commercialization partnership, we expect to incur significant expenses related to developing our commercialization capability to support product sales, manufacturing, marketing, and distribution. Further, following the completion of this offering, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including increased accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance and director and officer insurance costs as well as investor and public relations expenses associated with being a public company. As a result, we will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our growth strategy. Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, or other capital sources, which may include additional collaborations with other companies, marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, or other strategic transactions. We may be unable to raise additional funds or enter into such other agreements or arrangements when needed on favorable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as and when needed, we may have to significantly delay, reduce or eliminate the development and commercialization of any product candidates that we may identify or delay our pursuit of potential in-licenses or acquisitions. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when or if we will be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Even if we are able to generate product sales, we may not become profitable. If we fail to become profitable or are unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then we may be unable to continue our operations at planned levels and be forced to reduce or terminate our operations. We believe that the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements into the                         . We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. See “—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” and “Risk Factors—Risks Related To Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital.” Impact of COVID-19 on Our Operations We are subject to a number of risks associated with the COVID-19 global pandemic, including potential delays associated with our ongoing preclinical studies and anticipated clinical trials. COVID-19 may have an adverse 94 impact on our operations, supply chains and distribution systems or those of our third-party vendors and collaborators, and increase expenses, including as a result of impacts associated with preventive and precautionary measures that are being taken, such as restrictions on travel and border crossings, quarantine policies and social distancing. For example, our laboratory-based personnel have been unable to maximize use of our existing laboratory space due to restrictions on density of people and other aspects of our work have been limited by the need for our staff to isolate. We and our third-party vendors and collaborators may experience disruptions in supply of items that are essential for our research and development activities. We cannot predict the scope and severity of any economic recovery after the COVID-19 pandemic abates, including following any additional “waves” or other intensifying of the pandemic will have on our financial condition, operations and business plans. License Agreement with Broad Institute In September 2019, we entered into a license agreement with Broad Institute, and in May 2020 and February 2021, we entered into amendments to the license agreement, for certain patents related to delivery or targeting of DNA, or the Broad License Agreement. Under the Broad License Agreement, Broad Institute grants to us (i) an exclusive, worldwide license under the licensed patent rights solely to offer for sale, sell, have sold and import products covered by such licensed patent rights, or licensed products, solely for use within the Prime Broad Field, as defined below (subject to certain specified limitations and exclusions with respect to certain applications), (ii) a non-exclusive, worldwide license under the licensed patent rights solely to make, have made, offer for sale, sell, have sold, and import licensed products solely for use in the Prime Broad Field, (iii) a non-exclusive, worldwide license under the licensed patent rights solely to make, have made, offer for sale, sell, have sold and import other products that are enabled by (a) the licensed patent rights or (b) the use of certain materials transferred to us by Broad Institute, solely for the prevention or treatment of human diseases and (iv) a non-exclusive, worldwide license solely for internal research. Further, with respect to DNA delivery or targeting applications covered by the licensed patent rights, the exclusive license granted to us by Broad Institute is limited only to “prime editor” products and specifically excludes applications relating to the production or processing of small or large molecules, including for the prevention or treatment of human disease. Under the Broad License Agreement, we also have the right to grant sublicenses to our 