An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial condition, or operating results could be harmed by any of these risks, as well as other risks not known to us or that we consider immaterial as of the date of this prospectus. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this section to “we,” “us,” “our” and the “Company” refer to ProKidney Corp. and its subsidiaries following the Business Combination and to ProKidney LP and its subsidiaries prior to the Business Combination, as the case may be. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital We have incurred significant net losses since inception and we expect to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. We have incurred significant net losses since our inception. We continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. For the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we reported a net loss of $67.5 million, $11.6 million, $55.1 million and $26.7 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $229.0 million and $161.5 million, respectively. We have devoted substantially all of our resources and efforts to research and development, and we expect that it will be several years, if ever, before we generate revenue from product sales. Even if we receive marketing approval for and commercialize our lead product candidate, Renal Autologous Cell Therapy (“REACT”), we expect that we will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenses to develop and market additional potential product candidates. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year from the date our financial statements are issued, and our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our product candidate, REACT, is still in clinical testing. We expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and we anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if, and as, we: • advance the development of REACT and any other future product candidates through clinical development, and, if successful, later-stage clinical trials; • experience delays or interruptions to any future preclinical studies, our current clinical trials, our receipt of services from our third-party service providers on whom we rely, or our supply chain, including delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic, other health crises or events or circumstances beyond our control; • seek regulatory approvals for any future product candidates that may successfully complete clinical trials; • commercialize REACT and any future product candidates, if approved; • increase the amount of research and development activities to discover and develop product candidates and line extensions; • manufacture the materials needed for clinical trials or, following receipt of necessary regulatory approvals, commercial sales, at our manufacturing facilities; • establish and validate commercial-scale cGMP manufacturing facilities and partner with Contract Manufacturing Organizations (“CMOs”); 6 Table of Contents • establish a commercialization infrastructure and scale up internal and external manufacturing and distribution capabilities to commercialize any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval; • hire additional executives in clinical development, regulatory, manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance, scientific, public / investor relations general and administrative and management personnel; • expand our operational, financial and management systems and increase personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development and manufacturing efforts, general and administrative functions and our operations as a public company; • establish domestic and global sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and intend to commercialize on our own or jointly with third parties; • maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and • invest in or in-license other technologies or product candidates. To become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing non-clinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval for REACT and any future product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with biopharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is significant enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. Having completed the Business Combination, we will continue to require substantial additional capital to finance our operations. If we are unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of our research and product development programs, future commercialization efforts or other operations. Developing biopharmaceutical products, including conducting clinical trials, is a very time-consuming, expensive and uncertain process that takes years to complete. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we conduct our ongoing and planned clinical trials of REACT and any future product candidates that we may develop, seek regulatory approvals for REACT and our future product candidates, and manufacture, launch and commercialize any products for which we receive regulatory approval. We also expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in order to maintain our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our research and product development programs or future commercialization efforts. As of March 31, 2022, we had approximately $29.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Based on our current operating plan, and having completed the Business Combination and accounting for $574.8 million received in the PIPE Investment, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through 2024. However, our future capital requirements and the period for which our existing resources will support our operations may vary significantly from what we expect, and we will in any event require additional capital to complete clinical development of any of our current programs. 7 Table of Contents Our monthly spending levels will vary based on new and ongoing development and corporate activities. Because the length of time and activities associated with development of REACT and any future product candidates is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development, marketing and commercialization activities. Our future funding requirements, both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: • the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of clinical trials for REACT and any future product candidates; • the clinical development plans we establish for these product candidates; • the timelines of our clinical trials and the overall costs to finish the clinical trials due to the COVID-19 pandemic; • the number and characteristics of product candidates that we develop; • the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA, the EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; • whether we are able to enter into and maintain collaboration agreements, including the terms of and timing of payments under any such agreements; • the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; • the cost of defending intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us, REACT or any of our future product candidates; • the effect of competing clinical, technological and market developments; • the costs of maintaining our own commercial-scale cGMP manufacturing facility; • the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize our products on our own; • the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of REACT 