: Investing in our common stock involves significant risks. See “Risk Factors” on page 5 of this prospectus and under similar headings in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a discussion of the factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq symbol: Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “PRPO”. The number of shares of our common stock
outstanding is based on 27,562,298 shares outstanding after the offering as shown above as of June 28, 2023. The number of
shares outstanding as of June 28, 2023 as used throughout this prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, excludes: · 9,749,088 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants at a weighted average exercise price of $0.94 per share; · 4,636,543 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options at a weighted average exercise price of $2.36 per share; · 117,500 shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of 47 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock; and · 356,024 shares of common stock available for future grants under our Amended and Restated 2017 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended (the “2017 Plan”) as well as any automatic increases in the number of common shares reserved for issuance under the 2017 Plan after the date of this prospectus . 2 Summary Risk Factors We face risks and uncertainties related to our business, many of which
are beyond our control. In particular, risks associated with our business include: · We may fail to be in compliance with the minimum bid price rule of Nasdaq. · There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. · We may require significant additional financing to sustain our operations and without it we will not be able to continue operations. · We may need to raise substantial additional capital to commercialize our diagnostic technology, and our failure to obtain funding
when needed may force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or collaboration efforts or force us to restrict
or cease operations. · We have incurred losses since our inception and expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We cannot be certain that we will
achieve or sustain profitability. · We are subject to concentrations of revenue risk and concentrations of credit risk in accounts receivable. · We have been, and may continue to be, subject to costly litigation. · The commercial success of our products, including those we are developing, will depend upon the degree of market acceptance of these
products among physicians, patients, health care payers and the medical community and on our ability to successfully market our products. · If we cannot compete successfully with our competitors, including new entrants in the market, we may be unable to increase or sustain
our revenue or achieve and sustain profitability. · We may not be able to develop new products or enhance the capabilities of our systems to keep pace with rapidly changing technology
and customer requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. · We face risks related to health pandemics and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, including COVID-19, which could significantly
disrupt our operations and impact our financial results. · International expansion of our business could expose us to business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks
associated with doing business outside of the United States. · Unfavorable U.S. or global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. · Global climate change could negatively affect our business. · We depend upon a limited number of key personnel, and if we are not able to retain them or recruit additional qualified personnel,
the execution of our strategy, management of our business and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed or negatively
impacted. · We will need to increase the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. · We currently have limited experience in marketing products. If we are unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities and retain
the proper talent to execute on our sales and marketing strategy, we may not be able to generate product revenue. · Cybersecurity risks could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which may harm our ability to operate effectively
and may cause our business and reputation to suffer. · Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal tax purposes is subject to limitation
and risk that could further limit our ability to utilize our net operating losses. · The testing, manufacturing and marketing of diagnostics entails an inherent risk of product liability and personal injury claims. · All of our diagnostic technology development and our clinical services are performed at two laboratories, and in the event either
or both of these facilities were to be affected by a termination of the lease or a man-made or natural disaster, our operations could
be severely impaired. · An impairment in the carrying value of our intangible assets could negatively affect our results of operations. · Governmental payers and health care plans have taken steps to control costs. 3 · Changes in payer mix could have a material adverse impact on our net sales and profitability. · Our laboratories require ongoing CLIA certification and we cannot guarantee that our laboratories will pass all future certification
inspections. · Our products that we sell as research use only products and/or that we offer as laboratory developed tests could become subject to
government regulations requiring marketing authorization, and the marketing authorization and maintenance process for such products may
be expensive, time-consuming and uncertain in both timing and outcome. · Failure to comply with HIPAA could be costly. · Our failure to comply with any applicable government laws and regulations or otherwise respond to claims relating to improper handling,
storage or disposal of hazardous chemicals that we use may adversely affect our results of operations. · We may become subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute, Stark Law, False Claims Act, Civil Monetary Penalties Law and may be subject to
analogous provisions of applicable state laws and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws. · We cannot be certain that measures taken to protect our intellectual property will be effective. · The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, which could negatively affect us and holders of our common stock. · The price of our stock may be vulnerable to manipulation. · If we cannot continue to satisfy Nasdaq listing maintenance requirements and other rules, our securities may be delisted, which could
negatively impact the price of our securities. · Increased costs associated with corporate governance compliance may significantly impact our results of operations. · We have not paid dividends on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable
future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. · If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations
regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. · The sale or issuance of our common stock to A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners may cause significant dilution and the sale of the shares of
common stock acquired by Alliance Global Partners, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our common stock
to fall. · The issuance of our common stock to creditors or litigants may cause significant dilution to our stockholders and cause the price
of our common stock to fall. 4 RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You
should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus,
including our financial statements and the related notes on our Quarterly report on form 10-Q for the first quarter ended March 31,
2023, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2023 and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
filed with the SEC on March 30, 2023, before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could suffer materially, the trading price of our common stock could
decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently
believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein
also contain