You should read the section
    entitled “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 7 and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus
    for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in our securities. 5 Nasdaq Capital Market symbol Our shares of common stock
    are traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PRSO”. There is no established public trading market for the
    warrants, and we do not expect a market to develop. We do not intend to apply for listing of the warrants on any securities exchange
    or other nationally recognized trading system. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the warrants will be limited. Reverse
    Stock Split The number of shares of
    common stock and exchangeable shares in this prospectus reflects a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock
    at a one-for-forty (1-for-40) ratio, effective as of 4:01 p.m., Eastern Time, on January 2, 2024. The
number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on shares of common stock outstanding as of              , 2024,
assumes no exercise of any warrants offered hereby, and excludes as of such date: ● shares
                                            of common stock issuable upon the exchange of exchangeable shares; ● shares
                                            of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options; ● shares
                                            of common stock issuable upon the vesting of restricted stock units; ● shares
                                            of common stock available for future issuance under the Company’s 2019 Stock Incentive
                                            Plan; ● shares
                                            of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants dated November 30, 2022 at $       per
                                            share; and ● shares
                                            of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants dated June 2, 2023 at $     per
                                            share. Additionally,
unless otherwise stated, all information in this prospectus reflects all currency in United States dollars. 6 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities includes a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should consider carefully
the specific factors discussed below, together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated
by reference, including the risks identified under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and
September 30, 2023. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected
by these risks. Risks
Related to Our Business We
might not be able to continue as a going concern. Our
consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern
for the next twelve months. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $2.9 million and an accumulated
deficit of $149.6 million. As of September 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of $0.7 million and an accumulated deficit of $157.5
million. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and to achieve sustainable
revenues and profitable operations. We will need to increase revenues substantially beyond levels that we have attained in the past in
order to generate sustainable operating profit and sufficient cash flows to continue doing business without raising additional capital
from time to time. As a result of our expected operating losses and cash burn for the foreseeable future and recurring losses from
operations, if we are unable to raise sufficient capital through additional debt or equity arrangements, there will be uncertainty regarding
our ability to maintain liquidity sufficient to operate our business effectively, which raises substantial doubt as to our ability to
continue as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, our stockholders would likely lose most or all of their investment
in us. If
we are unable to generate sustainable operating profit and sufficient cash flows, then our future success will depend on our ability
to raise capital. We are seeking additional financing and evaluating financing alternatives in order to meet our cash requirements for
the next 12 months. We cannot be certain that raising additional capital, whether through selling additional debt or equity securities
or obtaining a line of credit or other loan, will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms acceptable to us. If we issue
additional securities to raise funds, these securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of our common stock,
and our current stockholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be
required to curtail our current product development programs, cut operating costs, forego future development and other opportunities
or even terminate our operations. We
intend to discontinue the production of our memory products. Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation, or TSMC, is the sole foundry that manufactures the wafers used to produce our memory IC products.
TSMC has informed us that it will be discontinuing the foundry process used to produce the wafers necessary to produce our memory ICs.
We are not in a position to transition wafer production to a new foundry and continue to manufacture these products. As a result, we
have informed our customers that we are initiating an end-of-life, or EOL, of our memory IC products. We expect to fulfill product EOL
orders during 2024 and into 2025. Our memory IC products represented over 50% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
over 60% of our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The discontinuation of the production and sale of our memory IC
products will negatively impact our future revenues, results of operations and cash flows. Our
gross profit may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, which could negatively impact our results of operations and our financial condition. Our
gross profit may fluctuate due to a number of factors, including customer and product mix, market acceptance of our new products, yield,
wafer pricing, packaging and testing costs, competitive pricing dynamics, charges for inventory write-downs and geographic and market
pricing strategies. To the extent we may offer or be contractually obligated to offer certain customers favorable prices, it would decrease
our average selling prices and likely impact our gross profit. In the possible event our customers, including our larger customers, exert
more pressure with respect to pricing and other terms, it could put downward pressure on our profit. 7 Because
we do not operate our own wafer fabrication, assembly, or testing facilities, we may not be able to reduce our costs as rapidly as companies
that operate their own facilities, and in fact, our costs may even increase, which could further reduce our gross profit. We seek yield
improvements and volume-based cost reductions to enable cost reductions. To the extent that such cost reductions do not occur at a sufficient
level and in a timely manner, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected and may vary from
our estimates. In
addition, we maintain an inventory of our products at various stages of production, as well as an inventory of finished goods. As we
are generally a sole-source supplier, we hold these inventories in anticipation of customer orders. If those customer purchase orders
do not materialize in a timely manner or customers do not honor those purchase orders, we can have excess or obsolete inventory which
we would have to write-down, and our gross profit and results of operations would be adversely affected. Our
ongoing exploration of strategic alternatives may not result in entering or completing transactions, when necessary, and the process
of reviewing such strategic alternatives or their conclusion could adversely affect our stock price. In
August 2023, we engaged an investment bank to assist with the exploration of strategic alternatives, including a merger, sale of assets
or other similar transaction, with the intention to maximize stockholder value and further our business operations. There can be no assurance,
however, that our evaluation of strategic alternatives will result in transactions or other alternatives, even when deemed necessary.
We have neither set a timetable for completion of this process, nor have we made any decisions related to strategic alternatives at this
time. If a strategic process is unsuccessful and we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be unable to continue our operations
at planned levels and be forced to further reduce or terminate our operations. There
can be no assurance any transaction will result from our ongoing evaluation of strategic alternatives. Any potential transaction would
be dependent on a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other things, market conditions, industry trends,
the interest of third parties in a potential transaction with us, obtaining stockholder approval and the availability of financing to
third parties in a potential transaction with us on reasonable terms. The process of reviewing strategic alternatives may be time consuming
and may involve the dedication of significant resources and may require us to incur significant costs and expenses. It could negatively
impact our ab