.
An investment in our shares may not ultimately prove to be more
favorable to investors in this offering than a direct investment,
if an opportunity were available, in a target business. The requirement that our
initial business combination occur with one or more target
businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least
80% of the value of the trust account at the time of the execution
of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may
limit the type and number of companies that we may complete such a
business combination with. Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing rules, our initial business
combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an
aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the value of
the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriter’s fees
and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the
time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial
business combination. This restriction may limit the type and
number of companies that we may complete a business combination
with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses
that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to
liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata
portion of the funds in the trust account. If we are no longer
listed on Nasdaq, we will not be required to satisfy the 80%
test. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target
business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide
assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new
management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities
necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination such that the
post-transaction company owns less than 100% of such interests or
assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives
of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons,
but we will only complete such business combination if the
post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise owns a controlling interest
in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the
post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities
of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination
may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in
the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares
in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target.
In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the
target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our
initial business combination could own less than a majority of our
outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine
their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a
larger share of the company’s stock than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our
management will not be able to maintain our control of the target
business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the
efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following
our initial business combination. While we intend to closely
scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business
combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to
be correct. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination
is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that
our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel,
at least until we have consummated our initial business
combination. None of our officers are required to commit any
specified amount of time to our affairs (although we expect them to
devote approximately 10 hours per week to