". We discuss various market
risks below.

Market Risk

  Market risk is the risk of change in the value of financial instruments as a
result of absolute or relative changes in interest rates, foreign currency
exchange rates or equity or commodity prices. To varying degrees, the
investment and trading activities supporting all of our products and services
generate market risks. The market risks incurred and our strategies for
managing these risks vary by product.

  With respect to non-variable life insurance products, fixed rate annuities,
the fixed rate options in our variable life insurance and annuity products,
consumer banking products, and other finance businesses, we incur market risk
primarily in the form of interest rate risk. We manage this risk through
asset/liability management strategies that seek to match the interest rate
sensitivity of the assets to that of the underlying liabilities. Our overall
objective in these strategies is to limit the net change in value of assets
and liabilities arising from interest rate movements. While it is more
difficult to measure the interest sensitivity of our insurance liabilities
than that of the related assets, to the extent that we can measure such
sensitivities we believe that interest rate movements will generate asset
value changes that substantially offset changes in the value of the
liabilities relating to the underlying products.

  For variable annuities and variable life insurance products, excluding the
fixed rate options in these products, mutual funds and most separate accounts,
our main exposure to the market is the risk that asset management fees
decrease as a result of declines in assets under management due to changes in
prices of securities. We also run the risk that asset management fees
calculated by reference to performance could be lower. For variable annuity
and variable life insurance products with minimum guaranteed death benefits,
we also face the risk that declines in the value of underlying investments as
a result of changes in prices of securities may increase our net exposure to
death benefits under these contracts. We do not believe that these risks add
significantly to our overall market risk. We manage our exposure to equity
price risk relating to our general account primarily by seeking to match the
risk profile of equity investments against risk-adjusted equity market
benchmarks. We measure benchmark risk levels in terms of price volatility in
relation to the market in general.

  The sources of our exposure to market risk can be divided into two
categories, "other than trading" activities conducted primarily in our
insurance, annuity and guaranteed products operations, and "trading"
activities conducted primarily in our securities operations. As part of our
management of both "other than trading" and "trading" market risks, we use a
variety of risk management tools and techniques. These include sensitivity and
Value-at-Risk measures, position and other limits based on type of risk, and
various hedging methods.

Other Than Trading Activities

  We hold the majority of our assets for "other than trading" activities in
our segments that offer insurance, annuities and guaranteed products. We
incorporate asset/liability management techniques and other risk management
policies and limits into the process of investing our assets. We use
derivatives for hedging purposes in the asset/liability management process.

  Insurance, Annuities and Guaranteed Products Asset/Liability Management

  We seek to maintain interest rate and equity exposures within established
ranges, which we periodically adjust based on market conditions and the design
of related products sold to customers. Our risk managers establish investment
risk limits for exposures to any issuer, geographic region, type of security
or industry sector and oversee efforts to manage risk within policy
constraints set by management and approved by the Board of Directors.

  We use duration and convexity analyses to measure price sensitivity to
interest rate changes. Duration measures the relative sensitivity of the fair
value of a financial instrument to changes in interest rates. Convexity

                                      152 measures the rate of change of duration with respect to changes in interest
rates. We seek to manage our interest rate exposure by matching the relative
sensitivity of asset and liability values to interest rate changes, or
controlling "duration mismatch" of assets and liabilities. We have a target
duration mismatch constraint of plus or minus 0.5 years. As of December 31,
2000, the difference between the pre-tax duration of assets and the target
duration of liabilities in our duration managed portfolio was less than 0.2
years. We consider risk-based capital implications in our asset/liability
management strategies.

  We also perform portfolio stress testing as part of our regulatory cash flow
testing. In this testing, we evaluate the impact of altering our interest-
sensitive assumptions under various moderately adverse interest rate
environments. These interest-sensitive assumptions relate to the timing and
amount of redemptions and prepayments of fixed-income securities and lapses
and surrenders of insurance products. We evaluate any shortfalls that this
cash flow testing reveals to determine if we need to increase statutory
reserves or adjust portfolio management strategies.

  Market Risk Related to Interest Rates

  Our "other than trading" assets that subject us to interest rate risk
include fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans and policy loans. In the
aggregate, the carrying value of these assets represented 63% of our
consolidated assets, other than assets that we held in separate accounts, as
of December 31, 2000 and 58% as of December 31, 1999.

  With respect to "other than trading" liabilities, we are exposed to interest
rate risk through policyholder account balances relating to interest-sensitive
life insurance, annuity and investment-type contracts and through outstanding
short-term and long-term debt.

  We assess interest rate sensitivity for "other than trading" financial
assets, financial liabilities and derivatives using hypothetical test
scenarios that assume either upward or downward 100 basis point parallel
shifts in the yield curve from prevailing interest rates. The following tables
set forth the potential loss in fair value from a hypothetical 100 basis point
upward shift at December 31, 2000 and 1999, because this scenario results in
the greatest net exposure to interest rate risk of the hypothetical scenarios
tested at those dates. While the test scenario is for illustrative purposes
only and does not reflect our expectations regarding future interest rates or
the performance of fixed-income markets, it is a near-term, reasonably
possible hypothetical change that illustrates the potential impact of such
events. These test scenarios do not measure the changes in value that could
result from non-parallel shifts in the yield curve, which we would expect to
produce different changes in discount rates for different maturities. As a
result, the actual loss in fair value from a 100 basis point change in
interest rates could be different from that indicated by these calculations.

  This presentation does not include approximately $77 billion of insurance
reserve and deposit liabilities at December 31, 2000 and $75 billion at
December 31, 1999. We believe that the interest rate sensitivities of these
insurance liabilities offset, in large measure, the interest rate risk of the
financial assets set forth in the following tables. December 31, 2000
                          --------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Hypothetical Fair
                           Notional   Estimated   Value After + 100   Hypothetical
                           Value of     Fair     Basis Point Parallel  Change in
                          Derivatives   Value     Yield Curve Shift    Fair Value
                          ----------- ---------  -------------------- ------------
                                               (in millions) Financial assets with
 interest rate risk:
 Fixed maturities:
 Available for sale.....              $ 83,827         $ 79,312         $ (4,515)
 Held to maturity.......                12,615           12,085             (530)
 Mortgage loans on real
  estate................                15,308           14,634             (674)
 Mortgage securitization
  inventory.............                 1,448            1,373              (75)
 Policy loans...........                 8,659            8,147             (512)
 Derivatives:
 Swaps..................   $  4,765          4              125              121
 Futures................      3,878         34               15              (19)
 Forwards...............      3,247        (50)             (50)             --
Financial liabilities
 with interest rate
 risk:
 Short-term and long-
  term debt.............               (13,800)         (13,683)             117
 Investment contracts...               (25,359)         (25,122)             237
 Securities sold but not
  yet purchased.........                  (157)            (141)              16
                                                                        --------
Total estimated
 potential loss.........                                                $ (5,834)
                                                                        ======== 153 December 31, 1999
                          --------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Hypothetical Fair
                           Notional   Estimated   Value After + 100   Hypothetical
                           Value of     Fair     Basis Point Parallel  Change in
                          Derivatives   Value     Yield Curve Shif