.” Overview We are a
growing cancer genomics company transforming the development of next-generation therapies by providing more comprehensive molecular data about each patient’s cancer and immune response. We designed our NeXT Platform to adapt to the complex and
evolving understanding of cancer, providing our biopharmaceutical customers with information on all of the approximately 20,000 human genes, together with the immune system, in contrast to many cancer panels that cover roughly 50 to 500 genes.
We are also developing a complementary liquid biopsy assay that analyzes all human genes versus the more narrowly focused liquid biopsy assays that are currently available. By combining technological innovation, operational scale, and regulatory
differentiation, our NeXT Platform is designed to help our customers obtain new insights into the mechanisms of response and resistance to therapy as well as new potential therapeutic targets. Our platform enhances the ability of biopharmaceutical
companies to unlock the potential of conducting translational research in the clinic rather than with pre-clinical animal models or cancer cell lines. We are also planning to release a diagnostic based on our NeXT Platform that we envision being
used initially by biopharmaceutical customers and clinical collaborators. Since inception, we have provided our services to more than 45 biopharmaceutical customers, including several of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. We have focused on human genome sequencing since our inception in 2011. In 2013, we introduced our patented ACE Exome
technology, providing enhanced and more complete coverage over all of the approximately 20,000 human genes. The superior performance of ACE Exome technology compared to other exomes was described in Genome Medicine and Nature Review publications. In November 2016, we launched our ACE ImmunoID product, the first generation of our immuno-oncology genomics platform
that combined our ACE exome and transcriptome technology with analytics to provide a more comprehensive tumor profiling solution for biopharma customers conducting cancer clinical trials and translational research. With ACE ImmunoID for Personalized
Cancer Therapy, we further enhanced the platform for personalized cancer therapy customers with additional neoantigen analytics, improved turnaround times, and access to a Device Master File that we filed with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
With the ACE ImmunoID for Biomarkers, we extended the platform further with ImmunogenomicsID, a broad immuno-genomics biomarker analysis engine. In November 2018, we announced ImmunoID NeXT, our universal cancer immunogenomics platform, which is the
first technology to enable comprehensive analysis of both a tumor and its immune microenvironment from a single sample and provides utility across immuno-oncology, targeted, and personalized therapies. We expect to do a full commercial launch of
ImmunoID NeXT in 2019. In parallel with the work described above, we also developed multiple clinical diagnostic tests.
Clinical diagnostic testing has remained a small portion of our business, primarily because we have elected not to expend the time and resources necessary to secure third-party reimbursement, choosing instead to pursue more immediate revenue
opportunities. Nevertheless, it has helped us to develop important capabilities that do not depend on third-party reimbursement. In June 2015, we launched our ACE CancerPlus Test based on a 1,400-gene panel.
We plan to build on this experience in 2019 by introducing a clinical diagnostic test based on our ImmunoID NeXT Platform, which will include all of the approximately 20,000 human genes and will be targeted initially to biopharmaceutical customers. 72 Table of Contents In parallel with the development of our platform technology, we have also
provided DNA sequencing and analysis services under contract with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (the “VA”) Million Veteran Program (the “VA MVP”), beginning in 2012. This relationship with the VA MVP has enabled us to
innovate, scale our operational infrastructure, and achieve greater efficiencies in our lab. Our customers include large-cap pharmaceutical companies, emerging biotechnology companies, universities, non-profit medical research institutes, and government entities. We generated revenues of
$9.4 million and $37.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively, and $4.2 million and $14.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. In 2018, 49% of our
revenues were generated from VA MVP. Non-VA MVP revenues increased by 114% in 2018 compared to 2017. For the three months ended March 31, 2019, 59% of our revenues were generated from VA MVP. Non-VA MVP revenues increased by 162% in the three months ended March 31, 2019 compared to the three months ended March 31, 2018. Our top five customers represented 45% and 82% of revenues in 2017 and
2018, respectively, and 76% and 90% of revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. We
also incurred net losses of $23.6 million and $19.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively, and net losses of $5.4 million and $5.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2019,
respectively. As of March 31, 2019, we had $33.2 million in cash and cash equivalents. From inception through
March 31, 2019, we have funded our operations primarily through cash from operations, redeemable convertible preferred stock issuances, and debt issuances. After giving effect to the anticipated net proceeds from this offering, we expect that
our existing cash and cash equivalents, anticipated cash flow from operations, and our $20.0 million financing facility will provide sufficient funds to sustain operations through at least the next 12 months. We have based these estimates
on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital resources sooner than we expect. See the section titled “Liquidity and Capital Resources; Plan of Operations.” Factors Affecting Our Performance We believe there are several important factors that have impacted and that we expect will impact our operating performance and
results of operations, including: • The continued development of the market for genomic-based tests. Our performance depends on the
willingness of biopharmaceutical customers to continue to seek more comprehensive molecular information to develop more efficacious cancer therapies. • Increasing adoption of our products and solutions by existing customers. Our performance depends on our
ability to retain and broaden adoption with existing customers. Because our technology is novel, some customers begin using our platform by initiating pilot studies involving a small number of samples to gain experience with our service. As a
result, historically a significant portion of our revenues has come from existing customers. We believe that our ability to convert initial pilots into larger orders from existing customers has the potential to drive substantial long-term revenue.
We expect there may be some variation in the number of samples they choose to test each quarter. • Adoption of our products and solutions by new customers. While new customers initially may not account
for significant revenues, we believe that they have the potential to grow substantially over the long term as they gain confidence in our service. Our ability to engage new customers is critical to our long-term success. Our publications, posters
and presentations at scientific conferences lead to engagement at the scientific level with potential customers who often make the initial decision to gain experience with our platform. Accessing these new customers through scientific engagement and
marketing to gain initial buy-in is critical to our success and gives us the opportunity to demonstrate the utility of our platform. 73 Table of Contents • Our revenues and costs are affected by the volume of samples we receive from customers from period to
period. The timing and size of sample shipments received after orders have been placed is variable. Since sample shipments can be large, and are often received from a third party, the timing of arrival can be difficult to predict over the short
term. Although our long-term performance is not affected, we do see quarter-to-quarter volatility due to these factors. Samples arriving later than expected may not be processed in the quarter proposed and result in revenue the following quarter.
Since many of our customers request defined turnaround times, we employ project managers to coordinate and manage the complex process from sample receipt to sequencing and delivery of results. Our business can be seasonal, as we historically have
received fewer samples during July and August. • Investment in product innovation to support commercial
growth . Investment in research and development, including the development of new products is critical to establish and maintain our leading position. In particular, we have invested in NeoantigenID, a neoantigen
characterization report, ImmunogenomicsID, a broad biomarker report, and ImmunoID NeXT, our universal cancer immunogenomics platform. We are also collaborating with investigators from academic cancer centers, such as Inova Health System, Stanford
Medicine, and the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy, to support the utility of our platform. We believe this work is critical to gaining customer adoption and expect our investments in these efforts to increase. We believe utility for our
product may result in additional expenditures to develop and market new products, including a diagnostic or database. • Leverage our operational infrastructure. We have invested significantly, and will continue to invest,
in our sample processing capabilities and commercial infrastructure. With our current operating mode