”
included elsewhere in this prospectus. Our fiscal year end is January 31. Overview Our mission is to deliver data storage that transforms business through a dramatic increase in performance and reduction in complexity and
costs. Our innovative technology replaces storage systems designed for mechanical disk with all-flash systems optimized end-to-end for solid-state memory. At the same time, our innovative business model replaces the traditional forklift upgrade
cycle with an evergreen storage model of hardware and software upgrades and maintenance. Our next-generation storage platform and
business model are the result of our team’s substantial experience in enterprise storage and web-scale infrastructure, as well as frustration with the industry’s status quo. Our platform can deliver a 10X acceleration in business
applications over legacy disk-based storage. It is also designed to be compatible with existing infrastructure, substantially more reliable and power and space efficient. Our business model builds on our technology innovations to reverse the traditional storage business model. Instead of moving data between old
and new systems via forklift upgrades, we keep business data and applications in place and upgrade technology around it. Our platform and business model are designed to add value to customers for a decade or more, reducing total cost of storage
ownership while increasing loyalty. We were incorporated in 2009 with a vision to define the next generation of enterprise storage by
pioneering the all-flash array category and innovating a customer-centric business model. We deliver our three-part integrated platform as the Purity Operating Environment , our flash-optimized software, FlashArray , our modular and
scalable all-flash array hardware, and Pure1 , our cloud-based management and support. Since inception we have consistently expanded our technology and business model: • In 2012, we launched our first FlashArray and established our All Software Included model, which entitles customers to all Purity Operating Environment functionality in the base purchase price of a FlashArray . • In 2013, we released Purity 3.0, which included writable snapshots and introduced our Love Your Storage Guarantee, a 30-day return guarantee program. • In 2014, we expanded our product family to address a broader series of customer requirements and workloads, and released Purity 4.0, which included replication. We also launched our Forever Flash program
to provide ongoing hardware upgrades as part of our maintenance and support agreements. • In 2015, we launched FlashArray//m and Pure1 , our next-generation all-flash array hardware and cloud-based management and support, respectively. Since launching FlashArray in May 2012, our customer base has grown to over 1,100 customers. Our customers include large and mid-size
organizations across a diverse set of industry verticals, including cloud-based software and service providers, consumer web, education, energy, financial services, governments, healthcare, manufacturing, media, retail and telecommunications. We
define a customer as an end user that purchases our products and services either from one of our channel partners or from us directly. No customer represented over 10% of revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2014 and 2015, and the
three months ended April 30, 2014 and 2015. 41 Table of Contents We have experienced significant growth, with revenue increasing from $6.1 million for the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2013 to $42.7 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2014 and to $174.5 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015, representing year-over-year revenue growth of 603% and 308% for our two most
recent fiscal years. Our revenue increased from $24.6 million for the three months ended April 30, 2014 to $74.1 million for the three months ended April 30, 2015, representing period-over-period growth of 201% for our most recent
interim period. Our net loss was $23.4 million, $78.6 million, $183.2 million, $30.0 million and $49.1 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, and the three months ended April 30, 2014 and 2015,
respectively. Since our founding, we have invested heavily in growing our business. Our headcount increased from approximately
100 employees as of January 31, 2013 to over 350 employees as of January 31, 2014 to over 800 employees as of January 31, 2015 and to over 1,100 employees as of July 31, 2015. We intend to continue to invest in our
research and development organization to extend our technology leadership, enhance the functionality of our existing storage platform and introduce new products. By investing in research and development, we believe we will be well positioned to
continue our rapid growth and take advantage of our large market opportunity. Our investments in research and development may result in enhancements or products that may not achieve adequate levels of market adoption, are more expensive to develop
than anticipated, may take longer to generate revenue or may generate less revenue than we anticipate. We expect that our results of operations and cash flows will be impacted by the timing, size and level of success of these product development
investments. We also intend to continue to invest and expand our sales and marketing functions and channel programs, including expanding
our global network of channel partners and carrying out associated marketing activities in key geographies. By investing in sales and technical training, demand generation and partner programs, we believe we can enable many of our partners to
independently identify, qualify, sell and upgrade customers, with limited involvement from us. However, if we fail to effectively identify, train and manage our channel partners and to monitor their sales activity, as well as the customer support
and services being provided to our customers in their local markets, our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows could be harmed. In addition, we intend to expand and continue to invest in our international operations, which we believe will be an important factor in our
continued growth. However, even though our revenue generated from customers outside of the United States was 23% of our total revenue for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015, our international operations are relatively new and we have
limited experience operating in foreign jurisdictions. Our inexperience in operating our business outside of the United States increases the risk that our international expansion efforts may not be successful. As a result of our strategy to increase our investments in research and development, sales, marketing, support and international expansion, we
expect to continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operations at least in the near future and may require additional capital resources to execute strategic initiatives to grow our business. Our Business Model Currently, we sell
our platform predominantly through a high touch, channel-fulfilled model. Our global sales force works collaboratively with our channel partners. Our channel partners typically place orders with us upon receiving an order from a customer and do not
stock inventory. Our sales organization is supported by systems engineers with deep technical expertise and responsibility for pre-sales technical support and engineering for our customers. We support our channel partners through product education
and sales and support training. We intend to continue to invest in the channel to add more partners and to expand our reach to customers through our channel partners’ relationships. No channel partner represented over 10% of revenue for the
fiscal years ended January 31, 2014 and 2015, and the three months ended April 30, 2014 and 2015. Our business model enables
customers to broadly adopt flash for a wide variety of workloads in their datacenter, with some of our most innovative customers adopting all-flash datacenters. We do not charge separately for software, meaning that when a customer buys a FlashArray , all software functionality of the Purity 42 Table of Contents Operating Environment is included in the base purchase price, and the customer is entitled to updates and new features as long as the customer maintains an active maintenance and support
agreement. Product revenue is recognized at the time title and risk of loss have transferred. Support revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the related maintenance and support agreement, generally ranging from 1 to 3 years. By keeping our
business model simple and efficient, we allow customers to buy more products and expand their footprint more easily while allowing us to reduce our sales and marketing costs. To deliver on the next level of operational simplicity and support excellence, we designed Pure1 , our integrated cloud-based management
and support. Pure1 enables our customers, support staff and partners to collaborate to achieve the best customer experience and is included with an active maintenance and support agreement. In addition, our Forever Flash program
provides our customers who continually maintain active maintenance and support for three years with an included controller refresh with each additional three year maintenance and support renewal. In this way, our customers improve and extend the
service life of their arrays, we reduce our cost of support by keeping the array modern and we encourage capacity expansion. In accordance with multiple-element arrangement accounting guidance, we recognize the allocated revenue of the controllers
and expense the related cost in the period in which we ship these controllers. The combination of our high-performance, all-flash
products, our exceptional support and our innovative business model has had a substantial impact on customer success and loyalty and are strong drivers of both initial purchase and 