” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview We are a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company with a proprietary technology platform focused on discovering and developing peptide-based new chemical entities (NCEs) to address significant unmet medical needs. Our primary focus is on developing first-in-class peptide
drugs that specifically target biological pathways also targeted by currently marketed injectable antibody drugs. Compared to injectable antibody drugs, our oral peptides offer targeted delivery to the gastrointestinal (GI) tissue compartment,
potential for improved safety due to minimal exposure in the blood, improved convenience and compliance due to oral delivery, and the opportunity for earlier introduction of targeted therapy for inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Our initial lead
product candidates, PTG-100 and PTG-200, are based on this approach, and we believe have the potential to transform the existing treatment paradigm for IBD, a GI disease consisting primarily of ulcerative colitis (UC) and Crohn’s disease (CD). PTG-100 is a potential first-in-class oral, alpha-4-beta-7
( a 4 b 7) integrin-specific antagonist peptide product candidate which has now completed a Phase 1 clinical trial in normal healthy volunteers (NHVs). Integrins
are T cell receptors that facilitate migration of inflammatory cells into the GI tissue. An integrin antagonist peptide is a small molecule designed to block this migration, which is a hallmark of IBD. In our Phase 1 clinical trial, we have
established pharmacological proof-of-concept (POC) based on pharmacodynamic (PD) indicators. We plan to initiate a Phase 2b clinical trial in moderate-to-severe UC patients by the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. The a 4 b 7 integrin is targeted by currently marketed injectable antibody drugs and the integrin pathway is considered to be one of the most specific biological
mechanisms for IBD. Our second lead product candidate, PTG-200, is a potential first-in-class oral Interleukin-23 receptor (IL-23R) antagonist being developed initially for moderate-to-severe CD. Interleukin-23 is a protein produced by white blood
cells that regulates inflammatory and immune functions. PTG-200 is currently in Investigational New Drug (IND) enabling studies, and we plan to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial in 2017. Blocking of the integrin and Interleukin 23 (IL-23) pathways
has led to FDA approved injectable antibody drugs for chronic inflammatory diseases, including IBD and psoriasis, respectively. We believe
PTG-100 and PTG-200 have the potential to transform the existing IBD treatment paradigm because they offer significant advantages over injectable antibody drugs. These complementary assets target different pathways, and potentially offer improved
convenience and patient compliance, and improved safety and tolerability compared to currently approved injectable antibody drugs. We believe these potential advantages could allow our products to replace and expand the IBD market beyond the
moderate-to-severe IBD patient population currently treated by injectable antibody drugs. Our novel peptides have potential applicability
in a wide range of therapeutic areas in addition to GI diseases. Our first product candidate beyond IBD is PTG-300, an injectable hepcidin mimetic, which is currently in pre-clinical development. PTG-300 has potential utility for the treatment of
iron overload disorders, such as transfusion-dependent b -Thalassemia, hereditary hemochromatosis (HH) and sickle cell disease (SCD), each of which may qualify for
orphan designation. 69 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities was
$29.0 million. In March 2016, we closed the second tranche of our Series C redeemable convertible preferred stock and obtained $22.5 million in net proceeds. We have not generated any revenue from product sales and we do not currently have any products approved for commercialization. We have
never been profitable and have incurred net losses in each year since inception. Our net losses were $11.1 million and $14.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively. Our net losses were $2.7 million and
$11.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. As of March 31, 2016, we had an accumulated deficit of $39.2 million. Substantially all of our net losses have resulted from costs incurred in connection
with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to incur
substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future for the advancement of our two lead product candidates and the development of our technology platform. Specifically, we expect to continue to incur substantial expenses in connection with our
planned Phase 2b clinical trial for PTG-100, IND-enabling studies and initiation of a Phase 1 clinical trial for PTG-200, IND-enabling studies for PTG-300, and any additional clinical trials that we may conduct for our product candidates.
We will need substantial additional funding to support our operating activities as we advance PTG-100, PTG-200, PTG-300 and other potential product candidates through clinical development, seek regulatory approval and prepare for, and if approved,
proceed to commercialization. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Components of Our Results of Operations Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses represent costs incurred to conduct research, such as the discovery and development of our product
candidates. We recognize all research and development costs as they are incurred. Research and development expenses consist primarily of
the following: • expenses incurred under agreements with clinical study sites that conduct research and development activities on our behalf; • employee-related expenses, which include salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation; • laboratory vendor expenses related to the preparation and conduct of pre-clinical, non-clinical, and clinical studies; • costs related to production of clinical supplies and non-clinical materials, including fees paid to contract manufacturers and clinical research organizations; • license fees; and • facilities and other allocated expenses, which include expenses for rent and maintenance of facilities, depreciation and amortization expense and other supplies. We recognize the funds from research and development grants as a reduction of research and development expense when the related research costs
are incurred. In addition, we recognize the funds related to Australian Research and Development Tax Incentive that are not subject to refund provisions as a reduction of research and development expense. The amounts are determined on a
cost reimbursement basis and as the incentive is related to our research and development expenditures and is non-refundable regardless of whether any Australian tax is owed, the amounts have been recorded as a reduction of research and development
expenses. These Australian Research and Development Tax Incentives are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the incentive will be received, the relevant expenditure has been incurred, and the amount of the consideration can be reliably
measured. 70 Table of Contents We allocate direct costs incurred to product candidates when they enter into clinical
development. For product candidates in clinical development, we allocate research and development salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation expense and indirect costs to our product candidates on a program-specific basis, and we include these
costs in the program-specific expenses. Program-specific expenses are unallocated when the current clinical expenses are incurred for our early stage research and drug discovery projects, our internal resources, employees and infrastructure are not
tied to any one research or drug discovery project and are typically deployed across multiple projects. As such, we do not maintain information regarding these costs incurred for the early stage research and drug discovery programs on a
project-specific basis prior to the clinical development stage. The following table shows our research and development expenses incurred
during the respective periods: Year Ended December 31, Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 2015 2015 2016 (In thousands) Clinical development expense—PTG-100 $ — $ 1,563 $ — $ 4,016 Pre-clinical and discovery research expense 8,036 11,159 2,283 2,188 Less: Reimbursement of expenses under grants and incentives (577 ) (891 ) (100 ) (579 ) Total research and development expenses $ 7,459 $ 11,831 $ 2,183 $ 5,625 We expect our research and development expenses will increase as we progress our product candidates, advance
our discovery research projects into the pre-clinical stage and continue our early stage research. The process of conducting research, identifying potential product candidates and conducting pre-clinical and clinical trials necessary to obtain
regulatory approval is costly and time consuming. We may never succeed in achieving marketing approval for our product candidates. The probability of success of the product candidates may be affected by numerous factors, including pre-clinical data,
clinical data, competition, manufacturing capability and commercial viability. As a result, we are unable to determine the duration and completion costs of our research and development projects or when and to what extent we will generate revenue
from the commercialization and sale of any of our product candidates. General and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses consist of personnel costs, allocated facilities costs and other expenses for outside professional
services, including legal, human resources, audit and accounting services. Personnel costs consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. Allocated exp