See
    “Risk Factors” beginning on page 10 and other information included in this prospectus and under similar
    headings in the other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should consider
    carefully before deciding to invest in our securities. Transfer agent and registrar Our
    transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Nevada Agency and Transfer Company, located at 50 W. Liberty Street,
    Suite 880, Reno, NV 89501. NYSE American symbol for
    Common Stock Our
    Common Stock is listed on NYSE American under the symbol “CHRO”. Unless
we specifically state otherwise or the context otherwise requires, the share information in this prospectus is based on 5,766,704
shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 26, 2024 and: ● assumes no conversion
    of the Series C Preferred Stock issued at the close of the IPO; ● assumes no conversion
    of the Note; ● does not reflect
    820,448 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options granted under our equity incentive plan,
    with a weighted average exercise price of $6.16; ● does not reflect
    257,993 shares of Common Stock underlying restricted stock units (“RSUs”), granted pursuant to our equity incentive
    plan; and ● does not reflect
    1,500,002 shares of Common Stock that are reserved for future grants or sale under our equity incentive plan, as amended by
    our board of directors on June 12, 2024, which such amendment we expect to be approved by our stockholders at our 2024 annual
    meeting of stockholders. 9 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and all other information
contained in this prospectus and in the documents that we incorporate by reference herein, including our financial statements
and the related notes, before investing in our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that
we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks occur,
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances,
the market price of our Common Stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related
to Our Business The
report of the independent registered public accounting firm on our 2023 and 2022 financial statements contains a going concern
qualification. The
report of the independent registered public accounting firm covering our financial statements for the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022 stated that certain factors, including that we have suffered recurring losses from operations and have an accumulated
deficit at December 31, 2023, raised substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Because we are not yet
producing sufficient revenue to sustain our operating costs, we are dependent upon raising capital to continue our business. If
we are unable to raise capital, we may be unable to continue as a going concern. We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Prior
to our IPO, we were a private company and had limited accounting and financial reporting personnel and other resources with which
to address our internal controls and related procedures. In connection with the audit and review, as applicable, of our financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses in our case arose from inadequate segregation of duties, ineffective
information technology controls and lack of certain financial reporting and transaction processing controls. If we are unable
to remedy our material weaknesses, or if we generally fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls appropriate for
a public company, we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements, and we may conclude that our internal
control over financial reporting is not effective, which could adversely impact our investors’ confidence and our stock
price. Risks
Related to this Offering and Ownership of our Common Stock The
market price and trading volume of the Company’s Common Stock may experience rapid and substantial volatility, which could
cause a purchaser of our Common Stock to incur substantial losses. Recently,
the market prices and trading volume of shares of Common Stock of other small publicly traded companies with a limited number
of shares available to purchasers, have experienced rapid and substantial price volatility unrelated to the financial performance
of those companies.  Similarly, shares of our Common Stock may experience similar rapid and substantial price volatility
unrelated to our financial performance, which could cause purchasers of our Common Stock to incur substantial losses, which may
be unpredictable and not bear any relationship to our business and financial performance. Extreme fluctuations in the market price
of our Common Stock may occur in response to strong and atypical retail investor interest, including on social media and online
forums, the direct access by retail investors to broadly available trading platforms, the amount and status of short interest
in our Common Stock and our other securities, access to margin debt, trading in options and other derivatives on our shares of
Common Stock and any related hedging and other trading factors. If
there is extreme market volatility and trading patterns in our Common Stock, it may create several risks for investors, including
the following: ● the
    market price of our Common Stock may experience rapid and substantial increases or decreases unrelated to our operating performance
    or prospects, or macro or industry fundamentals; ● if
    our future market capitalization reflects trading dynamics unrelated to our financial performance or prospects, purchasers
    of our Common Stock could incur substantial losses as prices decline once the level of market volatility has abated; ● if
    the future market price of our Common Stock declines, purchasers of shares of Common Stock may be unable to resell such shares
    at or above the price at which they acquired them. We cannot assure such purchasers that the market of our Common Stock will
    not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future, in which case investors could incur substantial losses. 10 Further,
we may incur rapid and substantial increases or decreases in our Common Stock price in the foreseeable future that may not coincide
in timing with the disclosure of news or developments by or affecting us. Accordingly, the market price of our Common Stock may
fluctuate dramatically, and may decline rapidly, regardless of any developments in our business. Overall, there are various factors,
many of which are beyond our control, that could negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock or result in fluctuations
in the price or trading volume of our Common Stock, including: ● actual
    or anticipated variations in our annual or quarterly results of operations, including our earnings estimates and whether we
    meet market expectations with regard to our earnings; ● our
    current inability to pay dividends or other distributions; ● publication
    of research reports by analysts or others about us or the industry in which we operate, including the pharmaceutical or biotechnology
    industry which may be unfavorable, inaccurate, inconsistent or not disseminated on a regular basis; ● changes
    in market valuations of similar companies; ● market
    reaction to any additional equity, debt or other securities that we may issue in the future, and which may or may not dilute
    the holdings of our existing stockholders; ● additions
    or departures of key personnel; ● actions
    by institutional or significant stockholders; ● short
    interest in our Common Stock or our other securities and the market response to such short interest; ● the
    dramatic increase in the number of individual holders of our Common Stock and their participation in social media platforms
    targeted at speculative investing; ● speculation
    in the press or investment community about our company or industries in which we operate; ● strategic
    actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or other investments; ● legislative,
    administrative, regulatory or other actions affecting our business, our industry, including positions taken by the FDA; ● investigations,
    proceedings, or litigation that involve or affect us; ● the
    occurrence of any of the other risk factors included in this registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part
    and in the documents incorporated by reference; and ● general
    market and economic conditions. 11 Our
Common Stock is currently listed on the NYSE American. NYSE American may delist our Common Stock from trading, which could limit
investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Should
we fail to satisfy the continued listing requirements for remaining listed on NYSE American, such as the corporate governance
requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, NYSE American may take steps to delist our Common Stock. Such a delisting
would likely have a negative effect on the price of our Common Stock and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our Common
Stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting, we would take actions to restore our complia