Summary Below
is a summary of material factors that make an investment in our securities speculative or risky. Importantly, this summary does not address
all of the risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional discussion of the risks and uncertainties summarized in this risk factor
summary, as well as other risks and uncertainties that we face, can be found under “Risk Factors” in this prospectus. The
below summary is qualified in its entirety by that more complete discussion of such risks and uncertainties. You should consider carefully
the risks and uncertainties described under “Risk Factors” in this prospectus and in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K as part of your evaluation of the risks associated with an investment in our securities. Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements ● The
    Company’s financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, and do not include adjustments that might be necessary
    if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. ● If
    we continue to incur operating losses and fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, we will be unable to advance
    our development programs, complete our clinical trials, or bring products to market, or may be forced to reduce or cease operations
    entirely. In addition, any capital obtained by us may be obtained on terms that are unfavorable to us, our investors, or both. ● Unstable
    market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our ability to raise funds, which may cause us to cease or
    delay our operations. Risks
Related to Clinical Development and Regulatory Approval ● Our
    results to date provide no basis for predicting whether any of our product candidates will be safe or effective, or receive regulatory
    approval. ● We
    may not be able to initiate and complete preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates which could adversely
    affect our business. ● If
    we experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of subjects to our clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals
    could be delayed or prevented, which could materially affect our financial condition. ● If
    the market opportunities for our current and potential future drug candidates are smaller than we believe they are, our ability to
    generate product revenues will be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 6 Risks
Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties ● We
    have no experience in sales, marketing and distribution and may have to enter into agreements with third parties to perform these
    functions, which could prevent us from successfully commercializing our product candidates. ● Data
    provided by collaborators and other parties upon which we rely have not been independently verified and could turn out to be inaccurate,
    misleading, or incomplete. ● We
    rely on third parties to conduct our non-clinical studies and our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry
    out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize our
    current product candidates or any future products, on a timely basis or at all, and our financial condition will be adversely affected. Risks
Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates ● We
    have no experience as a company in commercializing any product. If we fail to obtain commercial expertise, upon product approval
    by regulatory agencies, our product launch and revenues could be delayed. ● We
    may not be able to gain market acceptance of our product candidates, which would prevent us from becoming profitable. ● We
    may not be able to manufacture our product candidates in clinical or commercial quantities, which would prevent us from commercializing
    our product candidates. ● Disputes
    under key agreements or conflicts of interest with our scientific advisors or clinical investigators could delay or prevent development
    or commercialization of our product candidates. Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property ● We
    may not be able to maintain our exclusive worldwide license to use and develop PT00114 which could materially affect our business
    plan. Risks
Related to Our Business Operations and Industry ● If
    we are not able to retain our current senior management team and our scientific advisors or continue to attract and retain qualified
    scientific, technical and business personnel, our business will suffer. ● We
    may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could adversely affect our operations. ● Healthcare
    reform measures could adversely affect our business. ● Our
    business and operations are vulnerable to computer system failures, cyber-attacks or deficiencies in our cyber-security, which could
    increase our expenses, divert the attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations and adversely affect
    our results of operations. ● Failure
    to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include
    civil or criminal penalties), private litigation or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. ● If
    we, our CROs or our IT vendors experience security or data privacy breaches or other unauthorized or improper access to, use of,
    or destruction of personal data, we may face costs, significant liabilities, harm to our brand and business disruption. ● If
    we do not comply with laws regulating the protection of the environment and health and human safety, our business could be adversely
    affected. 7 Risks
Associated to our Common Stock ● We
    may fail to qualify for continued listing on Nasdaq which could make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares.. ● Our
    common stock is a “Penny Stock” subject to specific rules governing its sale to investors that could impact its liquidity. ● The
    market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities litigation. ● If
    we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or detect
    fraud. Consequently, investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting and this may decrease the trading price of our stock. ● Investors
    may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. ● Our
    common stock is controlled by insiders. ● We
    do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and may never pay dividends. ● Our
    certificate of incorporation allows for our board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders,
    which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. 8 THE
OFFERING Issuer Protagenic
    Therapeutics, Inc. Common
    stock offered by the selling stockholders 5,844,885
    shares of common stock. Terms
    of the offering The
    selling stockholders and any of their pledgees, assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or all of their
    shares covered hereby on Nasdaq or any other stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private
    transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated prices. See “Plan of Distribution.” Common
    stock to be outstanding after this offering, assuming cash exercise of the Common Stock Warrants 11,039,908