—Risks Related to Our Business—We are party to many music license agreements that are complex and impose numerous obligations upon us that may make it difficult to operate our business, and a breach
of such agreements could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.” (3) We are required to pay a commitment fee of 0.375% based on the unused portion of the revolving
credit facility. As of June 30, 2019, we were contingently liable for approximately $40.1 million in standby letters of credit as security for our operating lease obligations. The commitment amounts in the table above are associated with contracts that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify
all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the actions under the contracts. Purchase orders or contracts for the purchase of certain goods and services are not included in the table. We cannot determine the
aggregate amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations because purchase orders may represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current needs and are fulfilled by
our suppliers and manufacturers within short periods of time. We subcontract with other companies to manufacture our products. During the normal course of business, we and our manufacturers procure components based upon a forecasted production plan.
If we cancel all or part of the orders, we may be liable to our suppliers and manufacturers for the cost of the unutilized component orders or components purchased by our manufacturers. In December 2017, we entered into a 21-year operating lease agreement for our new fitness
programming hub in New York City. This lease commenced in October 2018, upon the date we took possession of the leased space and committed to make $99.5 million in minimum fixed payments over the term of the lease agreement, although cash
payments for rental obligations under the lease do not begin until October 2019. This lease contains a renewal option for two additional five-year periods and includes a tenant improvement allowance of $3.0 million. In November 2018, we entered into a 16-year operating lease agreement for space to be used as our new corporate headquarters in New
York City. This lease is expected to commence in August 2019 when we take possession of the leased space and commit to pay $503.0 million in minimum fixed payments over the term of the lease. This lease contains a renewal option for an
additional 10-year period and includes a tenant improvement allowance of $28.0 million. 83 Table of Contents Between July 1, 2019 and June 30, 2020, the end of our 2020 fiscal year, we
anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $250.0 million to $300.0 million, which will be largely attributable to the build out of our new headquarters in New York City, our investment in developing our New York and London production
studios, and an increase in the number of showrooms that we operate. In June 2019, we entered into an agreement to
acquire a third party for approximately $50.0 million. The agreement is subject to standard closing conditions and third-party approvals. We expect to close the transaction in September 2019. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of June 30, 2019. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk We are
primarily exposed to changes in short-term interest rates with respect to our cost of borrowing under our Credit Agreement. We monitor our cost of borrowing under our facility, taking into account our funding requirements, and our expectations for
short-term rates in the future. A hypothetical 10% change in the interest rate on our Credit Agreement for all periods presented would not have a material impact on our financial statements. Foreign Currency Risk To date,
all of our inventory purchases have been denominated in U.S. dollars. Our international sales are primarily denominated in foreign currencies and any unfavorable movement in the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and the currencies in which we
conduct sales in foreign countries could have an adverse impact on our revenue. A portion of our operating expenses are incurred outside the United States and are denominated in foreign currencies, which are also subject to fluctuations due to
changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, our suppliers incur many costs, including labor and supply costs, in other currencies. While we are not currently contractually obligated to pay increased costs due to changes in exchange
rates, to the extent that exchange rates move unfavorably for our suppliers, they may seek to pass these additional costs on to us, which could have a material impact on our gross margins. Our operating results and cash flows are, therefore, subject
to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. However, we believe that the exposure to foreign currency fluctuation from operating expenses is relatively small at this time as the related costs do not constitute a significant
portion of our total expenses. To date, we have not entered into derivatives or hedging transactions, as our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates has historically been partially hedged as our foreign currency denominated inflows have covered
our foreign currency denominated expenses. However, we may enter into derivative or hedging transactions in the future if our exposure to foreign currency should become more significant. Inflation Risk We do not believe
that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases.
Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, we make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, stockholders’ equity/deficit,
revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. We re-evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the uncertainty inherent in these matters, actual results may differ from these estimates and could differ based upon other assumptions or conditions. The critical
accounting policies that reflect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements include those noted below. Revenue Recognition Our primary
source of revenues are from sales of our Connected Fitness Products including our Bike and Tread, related accessories, and monthly Connected Fitness Subscriptions. 84 Table of Contents We determine revenue recognition through the following steps in accordance with
Topic 606 which we adopted as of July 1, 2018 on a full retrospective basis: • identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; • identification of the performance obligations in the contract; • determination of the transaction price; • allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and • recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to our
customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. Our revenue is reported net of sales returns and discounts, which to date have not been material to our financial
statements. We estimate our liability for product returns based on historical return trends by product category and seasonality and an evaluation of current economic and market conditions, and record the expected customer refund liability as a
reduction to revenue, and the expected inventory right of recovery as a reduction of cost of revenue. If actual return costs differ from previous estimates, the amount of the liability and corresponding revenue are adjusted in the period in which
such costs occur. Some of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For customer contracts
that include multiple performance obligations, we account for individual performance obligations if they are distinct. The transaction price is then allocated to each performance obligation based on its standalone selling price. We generally
determine standalone selling price based on the prices charged to customers. Deferred revenue is recorded for
nonrefundable cash payments received for our performance obligation to transfer or stand ready to transfer, goods or services in the future. Deferred revenue consists of Subscription fees billed that have not been recognized. Customer deposits
represent payments received in advance in instances where the revenue contract is cancelable in nature, and therefore, we do not have an unconditional obligation to transfer control to a customer. Product Warranty We offer a
standard product warranty that our products will operate under normal, non-commercial use for a period of one-year from the date of original delivery. We have the
obligation, at our option, to either repair or replace a defective product. At the time revenue is recognized, an estimate of future warranty costs is recorded as a component of cost of revenue. The estimate of future warranty costs is based on
historical as well as current product failure rates, service delivery costs in