” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview PubMatic fuels the endless potential of Internet content creators. Our company provides a specialized cloud infrastructure platform that enables real-time programmatic advertising transactions. We believe that our purpose-built technology and infrastructure provides superior outcomes for both Internet content creators (publishers) and advertisers (buyers). In September 2020, our platform efficiently processed approximately 134 billion ad impressions daily, each in a fraction of a second. Our cloud infrastructure platform provides superior monetization for publishers by increasing the value of an impression and providing incremental demand through our deep and growing relationships with buyers. We are aligned with our publisher and app developer partners by being independent. We do not own media and therefore do not have a vested interest in driving ad revenue to specific media properties. Our global platform is omnichannel, supporting a wide array of ad formats and digital device types. In the third quarter of 2020, we served approximately 1,100 publishers and app developers, including many of the leading digital companies such as Verizon Media Group and News Corp. We have demonstrated that we can retain and grow revenues from our publisher customers, as evidenced by our net dollar-based retention rate of 110% for the twelve months ended September 30, 2020 and 109% for 2019. Building on our early success as a Sell Side Platform (SSP), we have extended our platform to also meet the needs of buyers. We are integrated with the leading Demand Side Platforms (DSPs), such as The Trade Desk and Google DV360, allowing them to execute real-time transactions with our publisher clients. More recently, agencies and advertisers have started consolidating their spend with fewer, larger technology platforms to improve transparency, quality, and control over their advertising dollars. In 2019 and 2020 we entered into agreements directly with some of the largest agencies and advertisers in the world and believe this will continue to drive more ad spend to our platform. We own and operate our own software and hardware infrastructure around the world, which saves significant costs as compared to companies that rely on public cloud alternatives, partly due to the data-intensive nature of digital advertising. As we have extended our cloud infrastructure to service more ad formats and devices, we have expanded our profit margins and maintained our capital efficiency that is among best-in-class for similar publicly-traded technology companies. We measure capital expenditures (capex) efficiency over a period time to assess the full impact of our capex investments. The numerator is the sum of our revenues over a two year period (i.e. 2018 to 2019) divided by the sum of capital expenditures for the same period. On this measure, we believe we are among the highest among similar publicly-traded technology companies. We generate revenue from publishers primarily through revenue share agreements, generally one-year contracts that renew automatically for successive one-year periods, unless terminated prior to renewal. We primarily work with publishers and app developers who allow us direct access to their ad inventory, as well as select channel partners that meet our quality and scale thresholds. We have direct relationships with publishers such as Verizon Media Group and News Corp and app developers such as Zynga and Electronic Arts. Our channel partners aggregate and provide further access to thousands of sites and apps from smaller publishers. We refer to our publishers, app developers, and channel partners collectively as our publishers. We help monetize valuable impressions for our clients across a wide array of ad formats and digital device types, including mobile app, mobile web, desktop, display, video, over-the-top (OTT), connected television (CTV), and rich media. In the third quarter of 2020, we served approximately 1,100 publishers and app developers 61 representing over 63,000 individual domains and apps worldwide on our platform across a diverse group of content verticals including news, eCommerce, gaming, media, weather, fashion, technology, and more. We enter into written service agreements with our DSP buyers that allow them to use our platform to buy ad inventory, but we earn revenue from our publishers. Our platform service agreements with DSPs generally have one-year terms that renew automatically for successive one-year periods, unless terminated prior to renewal. The tenure of each of the top ten DSP buyers on our platform at the end of 2019 was over seven years. We also negotiate Supply Path Optimization (SPO) agreements with agencies and advertisers that encourage these buyers to spend a higher share of their advertising budgets on our platform by providing custom data and workflow integrations, product features, and volume-based business terms. SPO agreements typically have a one-year term and renewal terms are generally discussed one quarter prior to a new term. The effect of these SPO agreements is to increase the volume of ad spend on our platform without corresponding increases in technology costs. Since our founding, we have developed a large portfolio of buyers, reaching on average approximately 68,000 advertisers per month in 2020 through our application programmatic interfaces. Our buyer partners include: n DSPs, which are technology-based firms that programmatically purchase ad impressions on behalf of advertisers, and include firms such as Google’s Display & Video 360 platform (DV360) and The Trade Desk; n Agencies and agency trading desks, which consist of firms that provide advertising-related services to advertisers, such as managing the programmatic purchase of advertising inventory, including Dentsu, Havas, Interpublic Group, Omnicom, Publicis, and WPP; and n Advertisers, who are increasingly taking portions of the media buying process in-house to better control and optimize their digital ad investment and derive superior outcomes. Our ability to efficiently add and monetize valuable impressions on our platform has led to revenue growth, profitability, and operating cash flow (GAAP net cash provided by operating activities). By focusing on valuable ad impressions, investing in our own specialized cloud software and hardware infrastructure, optimizing platform utilization, and implementing workflow automation, we have achieved strong gross margins. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and the year ended December 31, 2019, our gross margin was 68% and 68%, respectively, our Adjusted EBITDA margin (Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of revenue) was 25% and 20%, and operating cash flow margin (operating cash flows as a percentage of revenue) was 15% and 31%. For the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and the year ended December 31, 2019, we derived approximately 68%  and 69% of our revenue from Americas-based publishers, respectively, 22% and 21% from Europe-based publishers, Middle East and Africa-based (EMEA) publishers, respectively, and 10% and 10% from Asia-Pacific (APAC)-based publishers, respectively. We are focused on expanding outside the United States and expect to increase our proportion of revenue from non-U.S. geographies in the future. We classify publishers by geography based on the billing address of the publisher transacting with us. In the third quarter of 2020, mobile and video comprised approximately 63% of our revenue. We anticipate mobile to continue increasing as a percentage of our total impressions and revenue in the future. We further expect video (including mobile video) to constitute an increasingly important component of our business. COVID-19 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a global slowdown of economic activity which is likely to decrease demand for a broad variety of goods and services, including those provided by certain of the advertisers on our platform. This situation could also potentially limit our ad buyers’ budgets or disrupt sales channels and advertising and marketing activities generally. The duration of these disruptive effects will continue for an unknown period of time until the virus is contained or economic activity normalizes. With the decline in economic activity, our revenue growth  slowed and turned negative in the second quarter of 2020. Although our revenue has subsequently returned to growth, the impact of the pandemic on our future growth and our results of operations is unknown and we are unable to accurately predict the future impact. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, 62 including the duration and spread of the virus and its impact on our publishers, ad buyers, industry, and employees, all of which are uncertain at this time and cannot be accurately predicted. See “Risk Factors” for further discussion of the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. The table below summarizes the financial highlights of our business: Year Ended December 31, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2018 2019 2019 2020 (in thousands) Revenue $ 99,264 $ 113,871 $ 79,478 $ 92,506 Operating income 4,968 8,509 2,640 9,549 Net income 4,425 6,643 2,519 7,788 Adjusted EBITDA (1) 20,430 23,307 14,013 23,430 Net cash provided by operating activities 15,595 35,125 22,482 13,792 _______________ (1) For a definition of Adjusted EBITDA, an explanation of our management’s use of this measure, and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, see “Selected Consolidated Financial Data—Non-GAAP Financial Measures.” Factors Affecting Our Performance We believe our growth and financial performance are dependent on many factors, including those described below. Growing access to valuable ad impressions Our recent growth has been driven by a variety of factors including increased access to mobile web and mobile app (