See
    “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4 and the other information included elsewhere in this prospectus for a discussion
    of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. Nasdaq
    Capital Market symbol Our
    common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “PULM.” 3 RISK
FACTORS An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before deciding whether to invest in our securities, you should consider
carefully the risk factors described below and specific risk factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” in
the applicable prospectus supplement, together with all of the other information contained or incorporated by reference in the
prospectus supplement or appearing or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. You should also consider the risks, uncertainties
and assumptions discussed under Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2019, which is incorporated herein by reference, as updated or superseded by the risks and uncertainties described
under similar headings in the other documents that are filed after the date hereof and incorporated by reference into this prospectus
and any prospectus supplement related to a particular offering. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only
ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect
our operations. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should
not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. If any of these risks actually occurs, our business, business prospects,
financial condition or results of operations could be seriously harmed. This could cause the trading price of our common stock
to decline, resulting in a loss of all or part of your investment. Please also read carefully the section below entitled “Special
Note Regarding