” section. If these third-party or internally generated data prove to be inaccurate or we make errors in our assumptions based on that data, our actual market may be more limited than our estimates. In addition, these inaccuracies or errors may cause us to misallocate capital and other critical business resources, which could harm our business. The estimates of our addressable patient populations included in this prospectus should not be taken as indicative of our ability to grow our business. For more information regarding the estimates of patient populations included in this prospectus, see the sections titled “ Market and Industry Data ” and “ Business — Our Pipeline .” 27 Table of Contents The size of the markets for our product candidates have not been established and may be smaller than it estimates. Our estimates of the annual total addressable markets for our product candidates are based on internal and third-party estimates, including, without limitation, estimated incidence and prevalence of these diseases, and estimated annual price per patient for our product candidates. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates may change at any time, thereby reducing the predictive accuracy of these underlying factors. As a result, our estimates of the annual total addressable market for our product candidates may prove to be incorrect. If the annual total addressable markets for our product candidates are smaller than we have estimated, this may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. If we are unable to achieve and maintain coverage and adequate levels of reimbursement for any of our product candidates for which it receives regulatory approval, or any future products we may seek to commercialize, their commercial success may be severely hindered. As to any of our product candidates that become available by prescription only, our success will depend on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement for our product from third-party payors. Because there are currently no products approved for the treatment of microcystic LM, the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved, is uncertain. Novel medical products, if covered at all, may be subject to enhanced utilization management controls designed to ensure that the products are used only when medically necessary. Such utilization management controls may discourage the prescription or use of a medical product by increasing the administrative burden associated with our prescription or creating coverage uncertainties for prescribers and patients. Moreover, our target patient populations are small, as a result of which the pricing and third-party payor reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved, must be adequate to support commercial infrastructure. Eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that a medical product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. If we are unable to obtain adequate levels of reimbursement, our ability to successfully market and sell our product candidates will be adversely affected. Patients who are prescribed medicine for the treatment of their diseases generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. The availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and private third-party payors is critical to new product acceptance. If any of our product candidates fail to demonstrate attractive efficacy and safety profiles, they may not qualify for coverage and reimbursement. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate, particularly given the small patient populations for our targeted indications, or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients are unlikely to use our products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our products. In addition, third-party payors, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In addition, in the United States, although private third-party payors tend to follow Medicare, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time- consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. We believe that future coverage and reimbursement will likely be subject to increased restrictions in both the United States and in international markets. Third-party coverage and reimbursement for any of our product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval may not be available or adequate in either the United States or international markets, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do, thus rendering our products non-competitive, obsolete or reducing the size of our market. The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. We face and will continue to face competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government agencies and public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 28 Table of Contents In addition, some of the market demand for topical rapamycin may be satisfied by state-licensed compounding pharmacies operating under Section 503A of the FDCA. Although such pharmacies will be unable to compound any drug that is essentially a copy of QTORIN rapamycin, if approved, a compounded product would not be considered a copy of QTORIN rapamycin if there were a difference between the FDA-approved product and the compounded product that was made for an individual patient and which the prescribing practitioner determines produces a significant difference for that patient. Physicians may determine that such differences exist for some or all of their patients and may choose to prescribe compounded rapamycin because it would be a component of an FDA-approved drug product (specifically QTORIN). If the FDA-approved drug product is not commercially available and thus added to the FDA’s published drug shortage list, compounders also would be able to copy it without the necessity of noting a significant difference between the compounded formulation and the FDA-approved drug In the event compounders engage in the compounding of rapamycin products following FDA approval of QTORIN rapamycin, we could be subject to significant competition from those compounded formulations. The companies against which we may compete may have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than it does. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ourselves, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before it is able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products. Because of our primary focus on rare diseases, if our product candidates achieve marketing approval, it expects to seek premium pricing. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. If we obtain approval to commercialize our product candidates outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. If any of our product candidates are approved for commercialization, we may enter into agreements with third parties to market them on a