INVESTING IN OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK INVOLVES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. IF
ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS OCCUR, THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK
COULD DECLINE AND YOU COULD LOSE ALL OR PART OF YOUR INVESTMENT.

                        RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS

OUR LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO EVALUATE OUR FUTURE
PROSPECTS.

    We were founded in 1997 and have a limited operating history, which makes an
evaluation of our future prospects difficult. In addition, the revenue and
income potential of our business and markets are unproven. We began shipments of
our first product in December 1998. Accordingly, we face risks and difficulties
frequently encountered by early stage companies in new and rapidly evolving
markets. If we do not successfully address these risks and difficulties, we
would likely not achieve anticipated levels of revenue growth. In this event, we
would be unable to achieve profitability or build a sustainable business.

WE HAVE INCURRED NET LOSSES SINCE OUR INCEPTION, AND WE MAY NOT ACHIEVE OR
SUSTAIN ANNUAL PROFITABILITY.

    We incurred net losses of approximately $376,000, $1.6 million and $4.9
million in 1997, 1998 and 1999, respectively, and had an accumulated deficit of
approximately $6.9 million as of December 31, 1999. In the future we expect our
research and development and selling, general and administrative expenses to
increase. In addition, we will incur substantial non-cash charges relating to
the amortization of deferred stock compensation. Accordingly, we expect to
continue to incur additional operating losses for at least the next 12 months,
and these losses may be substantial. Although we have experienced revenue growth
in recent quarters, this growth is not necessarily indicative of future
operating results, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sustain the
growth in our revenues. We cannot be certain that we will achieve profitability
or that, if we do, that we can sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly
or annual basis in the future or at all. This may in turn cause the price of our
common stock to decline. In addition, if we do not achieve or sustain
profitability in the future, we may be unable to continue our operations.

FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS MAKE IT DIFFICULT TO PREDICT OUR
FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND MAY RESULT IN VOLATILITY IN THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR
COMMON STOCK.

    Our quarterly operating results are likely to vary significantly in the
future based on a number of factors related to our industry and the markets for
our products, some of which are not in our control and any of which may cause
the price of our common stock to fluctuate. These factors include:

    - demand for flat panel monitors, advanced television displays, multimedia
      projectors and Internet appliances;

    - demand for our products and the timing of orders for our products;

    - the deferral of customer orders in anticipation of our new products or
      product enhancements or due to a reduction in our customers' end demand;

    - the loss of one or more of our key distributors or customers or a
      reduction, delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of these
      parties;

    - changes in the available production capacity at the semiconductor
      fabrication foundries that manufacture our products and changes in the
      costs of manufacturing;

    - our ability to provide adequate supplies of our products to customers and
      avoid excess inventory;

                                       7 - announcement or introduction of products and technologies by our
      competitors;

    - changes in product mix, product costs or pricing, or distribution
      channels; and

    - general economic conditions and economic conditions specific to the
      personal computer, display and semiconductor markets.

    These factors are difficult to forecast, and these or other factors could
seriously harm our business. We anticipate the rate of new orders may vary
significantly from quarter to quarter. Our operating expenses and inventory
levels are based on our expectations of future revenues and our operating
expenses are relatively fixed in the short term. Consequently, if anticipated
sales and shipments in any quarter do not occur when expected, operating
expenses and inventory levels could be disproportionately high, and our
operating results for that quarter and, potentially, future quarters may be
negatively impacted. Any shortfall in our revenues would have a direct impact on
our business. In addition, fluctuations in our quarterly results could adversely
affect the price of our common stock in a manner unrelated to our long-term
operating performance. Because our operating results are volatile and difficult
to predict, you should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication
of our future performance. It is likely that in some future quarter our
operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts and
investors. In this event, the price of our common stock may decline
significantly.

IF WE DO NOT ACHIEVE ADDITIONAL DESIGN WINS IN THE FUTURE, OUR ABILITY TO GROW
WOULD BE SERIOUSLY LIMITED.

    Our future success will depend on developers of advanced display devices
designing our products into their systems. To achieve design wins we must define
and deliver cost-effective, innovative and integrated solutions. Once a
supplier's products have been designed into a system, the developer may be
reluctant to change its source of components due to the significant costs
associated with qualifying a new supplier. Accordingly, the failure on our part
to obtain additional design wins with leading branded manufacturers or
integrators, and to successfully design, develop and introduce new products and
product enhancements could harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

    Achieving a design win does not necessarily mean that a developer will order
large volumes of our products. A design win is not a binding commitment by a
developer to purchase our products. Rather, it is a decision by a developer to
use our products in the design process of that developer's products. Developers
can choose at any time to discontinue using our products in their designs or
product development efforts. If our products are chosen to be incorporated into
a developer's products, we may still not realize significant revenues from that
developer, if that developer's products are not commercially successful.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO DEVELOP NEW PRODUCTS OR PRODUCT ENHANCEMENTS IN A TIMELY
MANNER.

    Successful development and timely introduction of new or enhanced products
depends on a number of factors, including:

    - accurate prediction of market requirements and evolving customer and
      industry standards;

    - development of advanced technologies and capabilities;

    - definition of new products which satisfy customer requirements;

    - timely completion and introduction of new product designs;

    - use of advanced foundry processes and achievement of high manufacturing
      yields; and

    - market acceptance of the new products.

As a result of the increased challenges associated with more complex
mixed-signal designs, we have experienced increased development time and delays
in introducing new products. We will not always

                                       8 succeed in developing new products or product enhancements or do so in a timely
manner. If we are not able to successfully develop and introduce our products in
a timely manner, our business and results of operations will be adversely
affected.

INTEGRATION OF SOFTWARE IN OUR PRODUCTS ADDS COMPLEXITY AND COST WHICH MAY
AFFECT OUR ABILITY TO ACHIEVE DESIGN WINS AND MAY AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY.

    Our products incorporate software and software development tools. The
integration of software adds complexity, may extend our internal development
programs and could impact our customers' development schedules. This complexity
requires increased coordination between hardware and software development
schedules and may increase our operating expenses without a corresponding
increase in product revenue. This additional level of complexity lengthens the
sales cycle and may result in customers selecting competitive products requiring
less software integration.

OUR HIGHLY INTEGRATED PRODUCTS ARE DIFFICULT AND COSTLY TO MANUFACTURE.

    The manufacture of semiconductors is a complex process and it is often
difficult for semiconductor foundries to achieve acceptable product yields.
Product yields depend on both product design and the manufacturing process
technology unique to the semiconductor foundry. Given the increasing demands to
integrate additional system-level functionality and provide mixed-signal
system-on-a-chip solutions, our products are becoming more complex and
increasingly difficult to design, develop and manufacture. Because our products
are highly integrated and incorporate mixed signal and embedded memory
technology, yields are further reduced. Since lower yields may result from
either design or process difficulties, identifying yield problems may occur only
when our integrated circuits can be analyzed and tested in a system after they
have been manufactured. Failure to achieve expected yields may result in an
increase in our cost and delays in the availability of our products.

A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF OUR REVENUES COMES FROM A FEW CUSTOMERS AND DISTRIBUTORS
AND ANY DECREASE IN REVENUES FROM, OR LOSS OF ANY OF, THESE CUSTOMERS OR
DISTRIBUTORS COULD SIGNIFICANTLY REDUCE OUR TOTAL REVENUES.

    We are and will continue for the foreseeable future to be dependent on a
limited number of large customers for a substantial portion of our revenues. In
1999, sales to Tokyo Electron Device Limited, our Japanese distributor,
represented 54.8% of our total revenue and sales to MicroMax International
