—Risks Related
to Our Intellectual Property.” Trademarks and Know-How In connection with the ongoing development and advancement of our product candidates in the United States and various international
jurisdictions, we seek to create protection for our marks and enhance their value by pursuing trademarks where available and when appropriate. In addition to patent and trademark protection, we rely upon trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our commercial
partners, collaborators, employees and consultants and invention assignment agreements with our employees and selected consultants. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical
security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached and our trade secrets and
other proprietary information may be disclosed. We may not have adequate remedies for any breach and could lose our trade secrets and other 136 Table of Contents proprietary information through such a breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our consultants,
contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting trade secrets, know-how and inventions. Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. In addition, we have licensed
rights under proprietary technologies of third parties to develop, manufacture and commercialize specific aspects of our future products and services. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third party patent would require us to alter our
development or commercial strategies, alter our processes, obtain licenses or cease certain activities. The expiration of patents or patent applications licensed from third parties or our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a
license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future technology may have a material adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to
which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference proceedings in the USPTO to determine priority of invention. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, please see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our
Intellectual Property.” Government Regulation The research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, serialization and tracking, promotion, advertising, distribution and marketing,
post-approval or licensure monitoring and reporting, and export and import, among other things, of our product candidates are extensively regulated by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United States, the FDA
regulates biological products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA, and its implementing regulations, and the Public Health Service Act, or the PHSA, and its implementing regulations. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S.
requirements may subject us to administrative or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA’s refusal to approve a BLA, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions and/or
criminal prosecution. Approval and Licensure Process for Biological Products Biological products such as ours may not be commercially marketed without prior licensure from the FDA and approval or licensure from
comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. In the United States, the process for receiving such licensure is long, expensive and risky, and includes the following steps: • preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies; • submission to the FDA of an IND for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an IRB at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; • adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, purity, and potency of the drug for each indication; • submission to the FDA of a BLA; • satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; • satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the biological product is produced to assess
compliance with cGMP; • a potential FDA audit of the preclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; 137 Table of Contents • the ability to obtain clearance or approval of companion diagnostic tests, if required, on a timely basis, or at all; • FDA review and approval of the BLA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States; and • compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a REMS, and the potential requirement to conduct
post-approval studies. In guidance, FDA has stated that it considers antibody-drug conjugates to be
combination biological product-drug products for which a BLA should be submitted. FDA has also stated in guidance that it regulates monoclonal antibodies as biological products which require a BLA. Regulation by U.S. and foreign governmental authorities is a significant factor affecting our ability to commercialize any of our
products, as well as the timing of such commercialization and our ongoing research and development activities. The commercialization of drug products requires regulatory approval by governmental agencies prior to commercialization. Various laws and
regulations govern or influence the research and development, non-clinical and clinical testing, manufacturing, processing, packaging, validation, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, registration,
listing, distribution, advertising, sale, marketing and postmarketing commitments of our products. The lengthy process of seeking these approvals, and the subsequent compliance with applicable laws and regulations, require expending substantial
resources. The results of preclinical testing, which include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation,
toxicity and carcinogenicity, animal studies to assess the potential safety, purity and potency of the product and its formulations, details concerning the drug manufacturing process and its controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol and other
information must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND that must be reviewed and become effective before clinical testing can begin. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an
independent Institutional Review Board, or IRB, for approval covering each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. Once a sponsor submits an IND, the sponsor must wait 30 calendar days before initiating any clinical trials. If the
FDA has comments or questions within this 30-day period, the issue(s) must be resolved to the satisfaction of the FDA before a clinical trial can begin. In addition, the FDA or an IRB may impose a clinical
hold on ongoing clinical trials if, among other things, it believes that a clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable and significant risk to clinical trial patients. If the FDA
imposes a clinical hold, clinical trials can only proceed under terms authorized by the FDA. If applicable, our preclinical and clinical studies must conform to the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practice, or GLP, and Good Clinical Practice, or GCP,
requirements, respectively, which are designed to ensure the quality and integrity of submitted data and protect the rights and well-being of study patients. Information for certain clinical trials also must be publicly disclosed within certain time
limits on the clinical trial registry and results databank maintained by the NIH. Typically, clinical testing involves a
three-phase process; however, the phases may overlap or be combined: • Phase 1 clinical trials typically are conducted in a small number of volunteers or patients to assess the early tolerability and safety profile, the
pattern of drug absorption, distribution and metabolism, the mechanism of action in humans, and may include studies where investigational drugs are used as research to explore biological phenomena or disease processes; • Phase 2 clinical trials typically are conducted in a limited patient population with a specific disease in order to assess appropriate dosages and dose
regimens, expand evidence of the safety profile and evaluate preliminary efficacy; and • Phase 3 clinical trials typically are larger scale, multicenter, well-controlled trials conducted on patients with a specific disease to generate
enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product, to establish the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. 138 Table of Contents A therapeutic product candidate being studied in clinical trials may be made available for
treatment of individual patients, intermediate-size patient populations, or for widespread treatment use under an expanded access protocol, under certain circumstances. Pursuant to the 21st Century Cures Act,
or Cures Act, which was signed into law in December 2016, the manufacturer of one or more investigational products for the diagnosis, monitoring, or treatment of one or more serious diseases or condition