herein. The
effects of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic on the economy and the markets, and any other similar phenomenon, may materially affect
our ability to successfully consummate an initial business combination. Dislocations
to the market as a result of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and other similar phenomenon cause significant and unpredictable risks
that may affect our ability to successfully consummate an initial business combination in a materially adverse way. 34 Table of Contents If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may
elect to purchase shares from public stockholders, which would reduce the public “float” of our common stock prior to a vote,
which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination. If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although
they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions
and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In addition, none of the funds in the trust account will be
used to purchase shares in such transactions. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement
that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof, and therefore agrees
not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares
in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling
stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to satisfy
a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing
of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be
reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent that such purchasers are subject to such reporting
requirements. In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our
securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing, or trading of our securities on
a national securities exchange. If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem the shares of this offering in connection with our initial business combination,
or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Nonetheless, if a stockholder does not receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may
not have notice of the opportunity to redeem shares. In addition, the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to our public stockholders in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that
must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem such shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to
exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents mailed to such holders or up to two
business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve our initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials,
or in the alternative, to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply
with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. Your
investment will not be returned to you except in limited circumstances. Your investment will be held in trust, and you
will have no interest therein except by exercising your right of redemption at either: (i) the time of our stockholder vote as to the
initial business combination; (ii) the end of the term for our initial business combination if no combination was consummated; or, (iii)
the time to amend our certificate of incorporation in connection with a stockholder vote to grant additional time beyond the original
time limit of 9 months (or up to 15 or 21 months, as applicable). In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or
interest of any kind in the trust account. In addition, if we are unable to complete our
initial business combination within 9 months (or up to 15 or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of this offering for any reason,
compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to
the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. You
may be able to transfer your shares so long as we remain listed, but you would risk a potential loss. 35 Table of Contents We
anticipate that our efforts to identify a target for a business combination may be hindered by significant competition. We
anticipate that there may be significant competition in the market for the identification of investments from other blank check companies,
investment companies, and other individuals. Some of these competitors may be more experienced, better staffed, and with cost of capital
or other financial objectives that might permit a more competitive offering than what we might be able to offer. For example, our unpredictable
future balance sheet at the time and as a result of redemptions for cash might place us at a significant disadvantage to a competitor
who would not be subject to such a variation. The
future development and growth of crypto is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to predict and evaluate. If crypto does
not grow as we expect, it may limit the ability for us to identify perspective target for business combination, affect the attractiveness
of any target business, consummate any business combination, or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial
condition and results of operations. Crypto
assets built on blockchain technology were only introduced in 2008 and remain in the early stages of development. In addition, different
crypto assets are designed for different purposes. Bitcoin, for instance, was designed to serve as a peer-to-peer electronic cash system,
while Ethereum was designed to be a smart contract and decentralized application platform. Many other crypto networks—ranging from
cloud computing to tokenized securities networks—have only recently been established. The further growth and development of any
crypto assets and their underlying networks and other cryptographic and algorithmic protocols governing the creation, transfer, and usage
of crypto assets represent a new and evolving paradigm that is subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate, including: ● many crypto networks have
    limited operating histories, have not been validated in production, and are still in the process of developing and making significant
    decisions that will affect the design, supply, issuance, functionality, and governance of their respective crypto assets and underlying
    blockchain networks, any of which could adversely affect their respective crypto assets or exchange platforms; ● many crypto networks are
    in the process of implementing software upgrades and other changes to their protocols, which could introduce bugs, security risks,
    or adversely affect the respective crypto networks or exchange platforms; ● several large networks,
    including Bitcoin and Ethereum, are developing new features to address fundamental speed, scalability, and energy usage issues. If
    these issues are not successfully addressed, or are unable to receive widespread adoption, it could adversely affect the underlying
    crypto assets; ● security issues, bugs,
    and software errors have been identified with many crypto assets and their underlying blockchain networks, some of which have been
    exploited by malicious actors. There are also inherent security weaknesses in some crypto assets, such as when creators of certain
    crypto networks use procedures that could allow hackers to counterfeit tokens. Any weaknesses identified with a crypto asset could
    adversely affect its price, security, liquidity, and adoption. If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of
    computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority of the compute or staking
    power on a crypto network, as has happened in the past, it may be able to manipulate transactions, which could cause financial losses
    to holders, damage the network’s reputation and security, and adversely affect its value; ● the development of new
    technologies for mining, such as improved application-specific integrated circuits (commonly referred to as ASICs), or changes in
    industry patterns, such as the consolidation of mining power in a small number of large mining farms, could reduce the security of
    blockchain networks, lead to increased liquid supply of cr