Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below,
together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may
not be the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects could be harmed. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We have a limited history of profitability and may not achieve or maintain
profitability in the future. We have not been consistently profitable on a quarterly or annual basis. While we have experienced
significant revenue growth over recent years, we may not be able to sustain or increase our growth or return to profitability in the future. Although we had net income in 2009, 2010, and 2011, we experienced a net loss of $0.3 million for the three
months ended March 31, 2012. The net loss was primarily due to increased sales and marketing activities in the first quarter of 2012 as we continued to expand our worldwide customer base as well as focus on the promotion of our new solutions.
We plan to continue to invest in our infrastructure, new solutions, research and development and sales and marketing, and as a result, we cannot assure you that we will return to or maintain profitability. In addition, as a public company, we will
incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a result of these increased expenditures, we will have to generate and sustain increased revenues to achieve future profitability. We may incur
losses in the future for a number of reasons, including without limitation, the other risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other
unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our revenue growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our financial performance may be harmed and we may not again achieve or maintain profitability in the future. If the market for cloud solutions for IT security and compliance does not evolve as we anticipate, our revenues may not grow and our operating
results would be harmed. Our success will depend to a significant extent on the willingness of organizations to increase their
use of cloud solutions for their IT security and compliance. However, the market for cloud solutions for IT security and compliance is at an early stage relative to on-premise solutions, and as such, it is difficult to predict important market
trends, including the potential growth, if any, of the market for cloud security and compliance solutions. To date, some organizations have been reluctant to use cloud solutions because they have concerns regarding the risks associated with the
reliability or security of the technology delivery model associated with these solutions. If other cloud service providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in service delivery or other problems, the market for cloud
solutions as a whole, including our solutions, may be negatively impacted. Moreover, many organizations have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate on-premise software into their businesses, and as a result may be
reluctant or unwilling to migrate to a cloud solution. Organizations that use on-premise security products, such as network firewalls, security information and event management products or data loss prevention solutions, may also believe that these
products sufficiently protect their IT infrastructure and deliver adequate security. Therefore, they may continue spending their IT security budgets on these products and may not adopt our security and compliance solutions in addition to or as a
replacement for such products. -13- Table of Contents If the market for cloud solutions for IT security and compliance does not evolve in the way we
anticipate or if customers do not recognize the benefits of our cloud solutions over traditional on-premise enterprise software products, and as a result we are unable to increase sales of subscriptions to our solutions, then our revenues may not
grow or may decline, and our operating results would be harmed. If we do not successfully anticipate market needs and opportunities or are unable
to enhance our solutions and develop new solutions that meet those needs and opportunities on a timely basis, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues would suffer. The IT security and compliance market is characterized by rapid technological advances, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product
introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards and regulatory mandates. We must also continually change and improve our solutions in response to changes in operating systems, application software, computer and communications
hardware, networking software, data center architectures, programming tools and computer language technology. We may not be able to
anticipate future market needs and opportunities or develop enhancements or new solutions to meet such needs or opportunities in a timely manner or at all. The market for cloud solutions for IT security and compliance is relatively new, and it is
uncertain whether our new solutions will gain market acceptance. Our solution enhancements or new solutions could fail to attain
sufficient market acceptance for many reasons, including: Ÿ failure to timely meet market demand for product functionality; Ÿ inability to identify and provide intelligence regarding the attacks or techniques used by cyber attackers; Ÿ inability to interoperate effectively with the database technologies, file systems or web applications of our prospective customers; Ÿ defects, errors or failures; Ÿ delays in releasing our enhancements or new solutions; Ÿ negative publicity about their performance or effectiveness; Ÿ introduction or anticipated introduction of products by our competitors; Ÿ poor business conditions, causing customers to delay IT security and compliance purchases; Ÿ easing or changing of external regulations related to IT security and compliance; and Ÿ reluctance of customers to purchase cloud solutions for IT security and compliance. Furthermore, diversifying our solutions and expanding into new IT security and compliance markets will require significant investment and planning,
require that our research and development and sales and marketing organizations develop expertise in these new markets, bring us more directly into competition with security and compliance providers that may be better established or have greater
resources than we do, require additional investment of time and resources in the development and training of our channel partners and entail significant risk of failure. If we fail to anticipate market requirements or fail to develop and introduce solution enhancements or new solutions to satisfy those requirements in a timely manner, such failure could substantially decrease or
delay market acceptance and sales of our present and future solutions and cause us to lose existing customers or fail to gain new customers, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. -14- Table of Contents If we fail to continue to effectively scale and adapt our platform to meet the performance and other
requirements of our customers, our operating results and our business would be harmed. Our future growth is dependent upon our
ability to continue to meet the expanding needs of our customers as their use of our cloud platform grows. As these customers gain more experience with our solutions, the number of users and the number of locations where our solutions are being
accessed may expand rapidly in the future. In order to ensure that we meet the performance and other requirements of our customers, we intend to continue to make significant investments to develop and implement new proprietary and third-party
technologies at all levels of our cloud platform. These technologies, which include databases, applications and server optimizations, and network and hosting strategies, are often complex, new and unproven. We may not be successful in developing or
implementing these technologies. To the extent that we do not effectively scale our platform to maintain performance as our customers expand their use of our platform, our operating results and our business may be harmed. Our quarterly operating results may vary from period to period, which could cause the trading price of our stock to decline. Our operating results have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to do so as a result of a number of
factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: Ÿ the level of demand for our solutions; Ÿ changes in customer renewal rates for our solutions; Ÿ the extent to which customers subscribe for additional solutions; Ÿ seasonal buying patterns of our customers; Ÿ the level of perceived threats to IT security; Ÿ security breaches, technical difficulties or interruptions with our service; Ÿ changes in the growth rate of the IT security and compliance market; Ÿ the timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors or any other changes in the competitive landscape of our industry,
including consolidation among our competitors; Ÿ the introduction or adoption of new technologies that compete with ou