—Risks related
to the railcar industry—The current high cost of the raw materials that we use to manufacture railcars, especially aluminum and steel, and delivery delays associated with these raw materials may adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations.” To the extent that we are unsuccessful in passing
on increases in the cost of aluminum and steel to our customers, a 1% increase in the cost of aluminum and steel would increase our average cost of sales by approximately $200 per railcar, which, for the six months ended June 30, 2005, would have
reduced income before income taxes by approximately $1.1 million. We are not
exposed to any significant foreign currency exchange risks as our policy is to denominate foreign sales in U.S. dollars. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting period.
Significant estimates include long-lived assets, goodwill, pension and postretirement benefit assumptions, the valuation reserve on the net deferred tax asset, warranty accrual and contingencies and litigation. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Our critical accounting policies include the following: Long-lived assets We evaluate long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, under the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
(SFAS) No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment of long-lived assets and for long-lived assets to be disposed of. For assets to be
held or used, we group a long-lived asset or assets with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. An impairment loss for an asset
group reduces only the carrying amounts of a long-lived asset or assets of the group being evaluated. Our estimates of future cash flows used to test the recoverability of a long-lived asset group include only the future cash flows that are directly
associated with and that are expected to arise as a direct result of the use and eventual disposition of the asset group. Our future cash flow estimates exclude interest charges. There were no impairment losses on long-lived assets recorded during
2002, 2003, 2004 or 2005. 57 Table of Contents Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets We have recorded on our balance sheet both goodwill and intangible assets, which consist
primarily of patents and an intangible asset related to our defined benefit plans. Historically, goodwill and intangible assets were reviewed for impairment when events or other changes in circumstances had indicated that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be recoverable. In conjunction with the adoption of SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets , on January 1, 2002, we tested all goodwill and intangible assets for impairment. These tests were performed again on
January 1, 2003, January 1, 2004 and January 1, 2005 in accordance with SFAS No. 142. We have not noted any such impairment. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually based on management’s assessment of the fair value of our assets as compared to their carrying value. Additional
steps, including an allocation of the estimated fair value to our assets and liabilities, would be necessary to determine the amount, if any, of goodwill impairment if the fair value of our assets were less than their carrying value. The process of
assessing fair value involves management making estimates with respect to future sales volume, pricing, economic and industry data, anticipated cost environment and overall market conditions, and because these estimates form the basis for the
determination of whether or not an impairment charge should be recorded, these estimates are considered to be critical accounting estimates. Our method to determine fair value to test goodwill for impairment considers three valuation approaches: the discounted cash flow method, the guideline company method and
the transaction method. The results of each of these three methods are reviewed by management and a fair value is then assigned. For our January 1, 2005 valuation date, management estimated that the fair value of our company exceeded the carrying
value of our company by approximately $194 million. The discounted cash flow
method involves significant judgment based on a market-derived rate of return to discount short-term and long-term projections of the future performance of our company. The major assumptions that influence future performance include: Ø volume projections based on an industry-specific outlook for railcar demand and specifically coal railcar demand; Ø estimated margins on railcar sales; and Ø weighted-average cost of capital (or WACC) used to discount future performance of our company. We use industry data to estimate volume projections in our discounted cash flow method. We believe that this independent industry data is
the best indicator of expected future performance assuming that we maintain a consistent market share, which management believes is supportable based on historical performance. A negative 10% adjustment to the volume projections used in the
discounted cash flow method would reduce the excess of the fair value of our company compared to its carrying value by approximately $36 million. Our estimated margins used in the discounted cash flow method are based primarily on historical margins. At January 1, 2005, we did not have a significant number of
contracts which provided for raw material cost escalation, which subjected our margins and future performance to variability primarily in the event of changes in the price of aluminum and steel. Aluminum and steel prices have historically accounted
for approximately 30% to 35% of our total cost of sales. Changes in aluminum and steel prices typically only affect margins on signed contracts for railcars forming part of our backlog as management historically has used aluminum and steel prices at
the time a contract is signed as the basis for its selling price. However, the price of raw materials has increased significantly since November 58 Table of Contents Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations 2003. A 10% increase in aluminum and steel prices for backlog and projected volume in the discounted cash flow method would reduce the excess of the fair
value of our company compared to its carrying value by approximately $117 million. Since January 1, 2005, when our goodwill was reviewed for impairment, we have renegotiated our contracts with a majority of our customers to increase the purchase
price of our railcars to reflect the increased cost of raw materials and, as a result, we were to able pass on to our customers approximately 40% of the increased raw material costs with respect to railcars that we produced and delivered in 2004. In
addition, we have entered into customer contracts that allow for variable pricing to protect us against future changes in the cost of raw materials so that, as of June 30, 2005, all but one of our customer contracts allowed for such variable
pricing. In addition, we have entered into contracts with a majority of our customers that allow for variable pricing to protect against future changes in the cost of raw materials. However, there is no assurance that our customers will accept
variable pricing in the future. See “Risk factors—Risks related to the railcar industry—The current high cost of the raw materials that we use to manufacture railcars, especially aluminum and steel, and delivery delays associated with
these raw materials may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.” The WACC used to discount our future performance in the discounted cash flow method is based on an estimated rate of return of companies in our industry and interest rates for corporate debt rated “Baa” or
the equivalent by Moody’s Investors Service. Management estimated a WACC of 16% for the January 1, 2005 goodwill impairment valuation analysis based on our mix of equity and debt. An increase in the WACC to 20% in the discounted cash flow
method would reduce the excess of the fair value of our company compared to its carrying value by approximately $60 million. The assumptions supporting our estimated future cash flows, including the discount rate used and estimated terminal value, reflect our best estimates. The guideline company method and transaction method use market valuation multiples of similar
publicly traded companies for the guideline company method and recent transactions for the transaction method and, as a result, involve less judgment in their application. Impairment of definite-lived intangibles is determined to exist when undiscounted cash flows related to the assets are less than the
carrying value of the assets. These cash flow estimates are based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and consider all available evidence. However, there is inherent uncertainty in estimating future cash flows. Pensions and postretirement benefits We provide pension and retiree welfare benefits to certain salaried and hourly employees
upon their retirement. The most significant assumptions used in determining our net periodic benefit costs are the expected return on pension plan assets and the health care cost trend rate for our postretirement welfare obligations. In 2004, we assumed that the expect