— Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property.” Government Regulation The FDA and other regulatory authorities at federal, state and local levels, as well as in foreign countries, extensively regulate, among
other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, import, export, safety, effectiveness, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, record keeping, approval, advertising, promotion, marketing, post-approval monitoring
and post-approval reporting of biologics such as those we are developing. 169 Table of Contents U.S. Biologics Regulation In the United States, the FDA regulates biological products under the FDCA and the PHSA and their implementing regulations. Biological
products are also subject to other federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations. We, along with third-party contractors, will be required to navigate the various preclinical, clinical and commercial approval requirements of the
governing regulatory authorities of the countries in which we wish to conduct studies or seek approval or licensure of our product candidates. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development
process, approval process or after approval, may result in delays to the conduct of a study, regulatory review and approval or subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the
FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, license suspension or revocation, refusal to allow an applicant to proceed with clinical trials, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of untitled or warning letters,
product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal
investigations or penalties. The process required by the FDA before biologic product candidates may be marketed in the United States
generally involves the following: • completion of preclinical laboratory tests and animal studies performed in accordance with the FDA’s current
Good Laboratory Practices regulation; • submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin and must be updated
annually or when significant changes are made; • approval by an independent IRB or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations,
Good Clinical Practices, and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed biologic product candidate for its intended purpose; • preparation of and submission to the FDA of a BLA after completion of all pivotal clinical trials, which includes
not only the results of the clinical trials, but also, detailed information on the chemistry, manufacture and quality controls for the product candidate and proposed labeling; • satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to file the application for review; • satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the
manufacturing facility or facilities at which the proposed product is produced to assess compliance with cGMPs and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product’s continued safety, purity
and potency, and of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with cGCPs; and • FDA review and approval of a BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use
in the United States. Preclinical and Clinical Development Prior to beginning the first clinical trial with a product candidate, a sponsor must submit an IND to the FDA. An IND is a request for
authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational new drug product to 170 Table of Contents humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on the general investigational plan and the protocol or protocols for preclinical studies and clinical trials. The IND also includes results of
animal and in vitro studies assessing the toxicology, pharmacokinetics, pharmacology and pharmacodynamic characteristics of the product, chemistry, manufacturing and controls information, and any available human data or literature
to support the use of the investigational product. An IND must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day period, raises safety concerns or questions about the proposed clinical trial. In such a case, the IND may be placed on clinical hold and the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any
outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a product candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns, non-compliance, or other issues affecting the integrity of the trial. Submission of an IND therefore may or may not result in FDA authorization to begin a clinical trial and, once begun, issues may arise that
could cause the trial to be suspended or terminated. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to human
subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted
under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive
clinical trial conducted during product development and for any subsequent protocol amendments. Furthermore, an independent IRB or ethics committee for each site proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any
clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial begins at that site, and must monitor the study until completed. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as
whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. Regulatory authorities, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds,
including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk or that the trial is unlikely to meet its stated objectives. Some studies also include oversight by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the
clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, which provides authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it
determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials and clinical trial
results to public registries. Sponsors of certain clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including biologics, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information, which is publicly
available at www.clinicaltrials.gov. For purposes of BLA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential
phases that may overlap or be combined. • Phase 1. The investigational product is typically introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the
target disease or condition. These studies are designed to test the safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism and distribution of the investigational product in humans, to identify possible side effects associated with increasing doses, and,
if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. • Phase 2. The investigational product is typically administered to a limited patient population with a specified
disease or condition to evaluate the preliminary efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule and to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks. • Phase 3. The investigational product is typically administered to an expanded patient population to further
evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety, generally at multiple geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall
risk/benefit ratio of the investigational product and to provide an adequate basis for physician approval. Generally, two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials are required by the FDA for approval of a BLA. 171 Table of Contents In some cases, the FDA may require, or companies may voluntarily pursue, additional clinical
trials after a product is approved to gain more information about the product. These so-called Phase 4 studies may be made a condition to approval of the BLA. These trials are used to gain additional
experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication and further document clinical benefit in the case of drugs approved under Accelerated Approval regulations. Failure to exhibit due diligence with regard to conducting
Phase 4 clinical trials could result in withdrawal of approval for products. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies may complete additional animal studies and develop additional information about the biological characteristics of the product
candidate, and must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in ac