—Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Condition and Need for Additional Capital ” included elsewhere in this prospectus. License and Collaboration Agreements Option and License Agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutical NV In August 2022, we entered into an option and license agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutical NV, as amended on April 3, 2023,
April 18, 2023, May 2, 2023, October 2, 2023, and April 9, 2024 (collectively, the “Janssen License”), under which we received an exclusive option to obtain from Janssen (a) a worldwide exclusive license for the
research, development, and commercialization of transmembrane TARP g 8 AMPAR products for the diagnosis, treatment, prophylaxis or palliation of any disease or condition in humans or other animals (the
“Field”) and (b) an assignment of certain patents related to TARP g 8, in each case of (a)-(b), subject to certain retained rights by Janssen. Pursuant to the Janssen License, we also
received a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license (exclusive under certain joint patents) for the research, development, and commercialization of certain neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine
(“nACh”) products in the Field. We made a non-refundable, non-creditable upfront payment of $1.0 million to Janssen after we entered into the Janssen License. In October 2022, we exercised the option and paid a non-refundable, non-creditable option fee of $4.0 million to Janssen. If we succeed in developing and commercializing TARP g 8 products, Janssen will be eligible to receive
(i) up to $76.0 million in development milestone payments and up to $40.0 million sales milestone payments for the product containing the lead TARP g 8 development candidate, and (ii) up
to $25.0 million in development milestone payments and up to $42.0 million sales milestone payments for other TARP g 8 products containing a non-lead TARP g 8 development candidate. Janssen is also eligible to receive (a) royalties ranging from mid-single digits to high single digits on worldwide net sales of any products containing a TARP g 8 development candidate and (b) royalties ranging from low-single digits to mid-single digits for other TARP g 8 products that do not contain a
TARP g 8 development candidate, in each case of (a) and (b), subject to potential reductions following the expiration of valid claims and regulatory exclusivity covering such TARP g 8 products, the launch of certain generic products and the application of certain anti-stacking reductions for third party intellectual property payments, subject to a customary reduction floor. The royalties
for any TARP g 8 product will expire on a country-by-country basis upon the latest to occur of (i) the expiration of all
valid patent claims covering such product in such country, (ii) the expiration of all regulatory exclusivities in such country, and (iii) a specified number of years following the first commercial sale of such product in such country. The
Janssen License provides us with certain other exclusive rights with respect to small molecules with activity against TARP g 8 and nACh. We have the right to terminate the Janssen License for any or no reason upon providing prior written notice to Janssen upon ninety
(90) days’ prior written notice to Janssen. Either party may terminate the license agreement in its entirety for the other party’s material breach if such party fails to cure the breach or upon certain insolvency events involving the
other party. We determined that the Janssen License represented an asset acquisition, rather than a business combination, as
substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired in the Janssen License was concentrated in a single asset, the TARP g 8 compound, which was in the early stage of development at the time of
acquisition. As the IPR&D asset was determined to have no alternative future use, we recognized the aggregate acquisition cost as related party acquired in-process research and development
expense in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss for the period from February 10, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022. We recognized the $5.0 million of related party acquired in-process research and development expense in connection with the consideration due under the Janssen License during the period from February 10, 2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022. 93 Table of Contents NeuroPace Master Services Agreement and Statement of Work In November 2023, we entered into a master services agreement (the “NeuroPace Agreement”) with NeuroPace Inc.
(“NeuroPace”), the manufacturer and distributor of the responsive neurostimulation (“RNS”) system. Pursuant to the NeuroPace Agreement and in accordance with statement of work agreements entered into from time to time, NeuroPace
provides us with certain services with respect to data from the RNS systems used in our clinical trials. The NeuroPace Agreement also grants us a royalty-free, worldwide, exclusive, non-transferable license to
all data collected by the RNS systems in our Phase 2a clinical trial and the outcomes of algorithms that are applied to such data, as well as the ability to publish the outcomes of algorithms, subject to certain conditions. The consideration we will
pay to NeuroPace for such services is set out in each statement of work agreement. The NeuroPace Agreement contains an exclusivity
provision providing that, at any time while providing services under the NeuroPace Agreement and for a period after the final clinical study report, NeuroPace may not perform any services that are the same as the services covered by the NeuroPace
Agreement to any business that directly competes with us, subject to the specific terms of the NeuroPace Agreement. The NeuroPace Agreement also contains standard representations and warranties, confidentiality and intellectual property protective
provisions and indemnification terms. The NeuroPace Agreement expires on the later of three years from the effective date or the
completion of all services under all statement of work agreements entered into prior to the third anniversary of the effective date. Either party may terminate the NeuroPace Agreement or any statement of work agreement (i) without cause by
giving written notice to the other party within a specified period of time, (ii) by giving written notice upon a curable material breach that is not remediated within a specified period of time, or (iii) immediately upon written notice in
the event of a material breach that cannot be cured. Concurrently with the execution of the NeuroPace Agreement, the parties also entered
into an initial statement of work, as amended in March 2024 (the “NeuroPace SOW”), under the NeuroPace Agreement, pursuant to which NeuroPace agreed to provide services related to our Phase 2a clinical trial of RAP-219, including, among other things, clinical trial readiness support, identification of potential patients satisfying the enrollment criteria and RNS system data reporting and data analysis. Pursuant to the
payment schedule set out in the NeuroPace SOW, we will pay NeuroPace an aggregate of up to $3.7 million over a period of approximately two years in connection with NeuroPace’s provision of services and achievement of certain patient
enrollment and deliverable milestones. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we paid NeuroPace $1.5 million, which is
recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2023. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, we paid NeuroPace an additional $0.3 million and recognized
$0.3 million in research and development expense for services performed, resulting in a prepaid expense balance of $1.5 million as of March 31, 2024. Components of Results of Operations Operating
Expenses Related Party Acquired In-Process Research and Development Expenses We measure and recognize asset acquisitions or licenses to intellectual property that are not deemed to be business combinations based on the
cost to acquire or license the asset or group of assets, which includes transaction costs. Goodwill is not recognized in asset acquisitions. In an asset acquisition or license to intellectual property, the cost allocated to acquire in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) with no alternative future use is recognized as research and development expense on the acquisition date. For the period from February 10, 2022
(inception) to December 31, 2022, we recorded $5.0 million of research and development expense related 94 Table of Contents to the acquired IPR&D from Janssen. There were no research and development expenses related to the acquired IPR&D recognized during the three months ended March 31, 2023 or 2024. We
will recognize additional acquired IPR&D expenses in the future if and when we are successful in meeting specified development milestones for TARP g 8 products. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the development and research of our clinical and pre-clinical potential future product candidates. Our research and development expenses include: • personnel-related costs, including salaries, bonuses, benefits, and stock-based compensation for employees
engaged in manufacturing, research and development functions; • the costs to acquire IPR&D with no alternative future use acquired in an asset acquisition; • external expenses, including expenses incurred under arrangements with third parties, such as contract research
organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, consultants and our clinical and scientific advisors; • the cost of developing and validating our outsourced manufacturing process for use in our preclinical studies and
future clinical trials; • the cost to obtain licenses to intellectual property and related future payments should certain development
milestones be achieved; • costs for laboratory supplies, research materia