” beginning on page 14 of this
prospectus and those identified in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014. In this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, references to “the Company,” “we,” “us,”
“our,” or “Ultragenyx” refer to Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. Overview We are a development-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the identification, acquisition, development, and
commercialization of novel products for the treatment of rare and ultra-rare diseases, with an initial focus on serious, debilitating genetic diseases. We focus on diseases for which the unmet medical need is high, the biology for treatment is
clear, and for which there are no approved therapies. Since our inception in 2010, we have in-licensed potential treatments for five different diseases that are currently in or have completed Phase 1/2 or Phase 2 clinical studies. Our strategy,
which is predicated upon time- and cost-efficient drug development, allows us to pursue multiple programs in parallel with the goal of delivering safe and effective therapies to patients with the utmost urgency. Our current product candidate pipeline has been either in-licensed from academic institutions or derived from partnerships
with other pharmaceutical companies. Our strategy is to acquire and retain global commercialization rights to our products to maximize long-term value, where possible. Over time, we intend to build our own commercial organization, which we believe
will be of modest size due to the relatively small number of specialists who treat patients with rare and ultra-rare diseases. The patients we seek to treat have diseases with limited or no treatment options, and we recognize that their lives and well-being are highly dependent upon our efforts to develop new therapies. For this
reason, we are passionate about developing these therapies with the utmost urgency and care. We strive to build a company that is faster, better, and smarter about advancing multiple product candidates through approval. We were founded in April 2010 by our current President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Emil Kakkis, M.D., Ph.D. We
have assembled an experienced team with extensive rare disease drug development and commercialization capabilities. Dr. Kakkis and the team at Ultragenyx have been previously involved at other companies in the development and/or
commercialization of many therapies approved or in development for rare metabolic genetic diseases, including Aldurazyme, Naglazyme, Kuvan, and Vimizim (BioMarin); Lumizyme/Myozyme (Sanofi-Genzyme); and asfotase alpha (Enobia; now Alexion). Our Strategy Our strategy is to identify, acquire, develop, and commercialize novel products for the treatment of rare and ultra-rare diseases in the United States, the European Union, and select international
markets, with the goal of becoming a leading rare disease company. The critical components of our business strategy include the following: • Focus on rare and ultra-rare diseases with significant unmet medical need; • Focus on diseases and therapies with clear mechanisms of action; • Leverage our experience and relationships to in-license promising product candidates; • Develop and commercialize multiple product candidates in parallel; 1 Table of Contents • Focus on excellent and rapid clinical and regulatory execution; and • Seek to retain global commercialization rights to product candidates. Product Candidates Our current pipeline consists of two
product categories: biologics, including a monoclonal antibody and enzyme replacement therapies; and small-molecule substrate replacement therapies. Enzymes are proteins that the body uses to process materials needed for normal cellular function,
and substrates are the materials upon which enzymes act. When enzymes or substrates are missing, the body is unable to perform its normal cellular functions, often leading to significant clinical disease. Several of our therapies are intended to
replace deficient enzymes or substrates and one product candidate is an antibody that decreases the activity of an elevated hormone level. The following table summarizes our product candidate pipeline: KRN23 (UX023) for the treatment of XLH KRN23 is a fully human monoclonal antibody administered via subcutaneous injection that is designed to bind and reduce the
biological activity of FGF23 to increase abnormally low phosphate levels in patients with X-linked hypophosphatemia, or XLH. Patients with XLH have low serum phosphate levels due to excessive phosphate
loss into the urine, which is directly caused by the effect on kidney function of excess FGF23 production in bone cells. Low phosphate levels lead to poor bone mineralization and a variety of clinical manifestations, including rickets leading to
bowing and other skeletal deformities, short stature, bone pain and fractures, poor quality bone, and muscle weakness. There is no approved drug therapy or treatment for the underlying cause of XLH. Most patients are managed using frequently divided
doses of oral phosphate and vitamin D therapy, which is only partially effective at improving bone disease and growth and has significant side effects. Oral phosphate/vitamin D replacement therapy requires extremely close monitoring due to the
potential for excessive phosphate levels and secondary increases in calcium, which can result in severe damage to the kidneys from excess calcium phosphate deposits and other complications. Additionally, some patients are unable to tolerate the
regimen due to the chalky stool that results from taking large amounts of oral phosphate or the high frequency of dosing required. 2 Table of Contents In August 2013, we formed a collaboration with Kyowa Hakko Kirin Co.,
Ltd., or KHK, to jointly develop and commercialize KRN23 for the treatment of XLH. KHK has conducted one Phase 1 study, one Phase 1/2 study, and one longer-term Phase 1/2 study of KRN23 in adults with XLH. We reviewed safety and efficacy
data from the Phase 1 and Phase 1/2 studies prior to entering into our collaboration with KHK, and we entered into the collaboration based in part upon our conclusion that these data were supportive of further development (serum phosphate, renal
tubular reabsorption of phosphate, and vitamin D levels were increased, and the product appeared well tolerated). Results from the Phase 1 single dose study in 38 adult XLH patients were presented at the American Society for Bone and Mineral Research Annual Meeting in October 2013 and published in the Journal of
Clinical Investigation in February 2014. The data demonstrated that KRN23 was well tolerated and increased serum phosphate, or phosphorus, as well as vitamin D levels. Of the 38 adult XLH patients, 12 received a single subcutaneous injection of
KRN23 (at doses of 0.1, 0.3, 0.6, or 1.0 mg/kg), 17 received a single intravenous injection of KRN23 (at doses of 0.003, 0.01, 0.03, 0.1, or 0.3 mg/kg) and 9 received placebo. The effect of KRN23 on the increase in serum phosphate levels
was comparable between intravenous and subcutaneous administration; however, time to reach peak effect was slower and duration of effect was greater with subcutaneous administration compared with intravenous administration. The demonstrated
improvement in serum phosphate levels suggests that significant benefit could be expected. Corresponding changes were observed in renal tubular reabsorption of phosphate. Increases in vitamin D were also observed, suggesting improved intestinal
absorption of both phosphate and calcium. Changes were not observed in serum calcium. No serious adverse
events were reported in the Phase 1 study. Approximately 83% of the subjects experienced at least one non-serious treatment-emergent adverse event, the most common of which were nausea and headache; no patients in the placebo or subcutaneous
treatment arms reported these events. In the subcutaneous arm, two patients (approximately 17%) experienced elevated levels of the enzyme amylase in the blood, and two other patients (approximately 17%) experienced back pain. The elevations of
the enzyme amylase were modest and not clinically significant. There did not appear to be a relationship between the incidence and types of adverse events and the dose administered following a single dose of study drug. Results from a multiple-dose Phase 1/2 study with up to four escalating doses from 0.05 mg/kg to 0.6 mg/kg that was
completed in 28 adult XLH patients were presented at the 2014 ICE/ENDO joint meeting of The Endocrine Society and the International Congress on Endocrinology in June 2014. The data demonstrated that repeat doses of KRN23 over four months led to an
increase in serum phosphate in 100% of patients, with approximately 89% of patients reaching the low end of the normal range. Peak mean serum phosphorus increased to 3.03 ± 0.42 mg/dL after the fourth dose, which is an approximately 60%
increase from the mean of 1.89 ± 0.33 mg/dL at baseline. Comparable increases were observed in mean reabsorption of phosphate from the urine (TmP/GFR) and mean serum 1,25 dihydroxy vitamin D levels. Increases in bone remodeling markers of bone formation and bone resorption were also observed in this Phase 1/2 study. The
increase in P1NP (procollagen type I N propeptide) from baseline was statistically significant (p<0.05) after all doses and the increase in osteocalcin was statistically significant (p<0.05) after the fourth dose. These data support the
concept that KRN23’s impact on improving phosphate metabolism will improve bone remodeling, a critical part of creating strong, properly-formed bones. Increases in quality of life and disability measures were also observed and we intend to
objectively evaluate these in a future randomized controlled study. There were no significant changes in
parathyroid hormone, serum calcium, or urinary calcium excretion in this Phase 1/2 study, consistent with the Phase 1 data showing that KRN23 can speci