.” Overview We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on creating innovative cancer immunotherapies by leveraging underexploited biological
opportunities. Specifically, we target well-characterized biological pathways with significant scientific data supporting their importance in regulating the immune response against cancer and for which either there are no molecules in development or
those that exist have suboptimal profiles. To exploit these pathways, we have built a robust and highly efficient discovery capability to create and optimize highly differentiated small-molecule immuno-oncology product candidates. Since our
inception in 2015, we have built a broad portfolio of small-molecule and antibody product candidates that we plan to develop together as intra-portfolio combinations. We have initiated clinical trials for our two most advanced product candidates,
both of which are expected to generate data in 2018, and we expect clinical data from our first intra-portfolio combinations in the first half of 2019. We plan to advance two additional product candidates into clinical trials by the end of 2018.
Members of the Arcus team have worked together for more than 10 years discovering innovative small-molecule product candidates while at companies such as Tularik Inc., Amgen, Inc. and Flexus Biosciences, Inc. Financial Overview Since commencing operations in 2015,
we have devoted substantially all of our efforts and financial resources to building our research and development capabilities and establishing our corporate infrastructure. To date, all of our revenue has been derived from non-refundable payments we received under the option and license
agreement (the Taiho Agreement) we entered into in September 2017 with Taiho Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Taiho). We have not generated any revenue from product sales and we have never been profitable. We have incurred net losses since the commencement
of our operations. As of December 31, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of $73.2 million. We incurred a net loss of $53.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2017. We do not expect to generate product revenue unless and
until we obtain marketing approval for and commercialize a product candidate, and we cannot assure you that we will ever generate significant revenue or profits. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements of convertible preferred stock and payments from the Taiho Agreement. From
inception through December 31, 2017, we received net proceeds of $226.3 million through private placements of convertible preferred stock. As of December 31, 2017, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of
$175.7 million. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least the next 12 months without the proceeds from this offering. We have based this
estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. We expect to incur
substantial expenditures in the foreseeable future as we expand our pipeline and advance our product candidates through clinical development, the regulatory approval process and, if approved, commercial launch activities. Specifically, in the near
term we expect to incur substantial expenses relating to our ongoing 73 Table of Contents Phase 1 and planned Phase 1/2 clinical trials, the development and validation of our manufacturing processes, and other development activities. Furthermore, upon the completion of this offering,
we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company, including significant legal, accounting, investor relations and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We will need substantial additional funding to support our continuing operations and pursue our development strategy. Until such time as we can generate
significant revenue from sales of our product candidates, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, including potential collaborations with other companies or other strategic
transactions. Adequate funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to raise capital or enter into such agreements as, and when, needed, we may have to significantly delay, scale back, or discontinue the development
and commercialization of our product candidates or delay our efforts to expand our product pipeline. Taiho Option and License Agreement In September 2017, we and Taiho entered into the Taiho Agreement to collaborate on the potential development and commercialization of certain product
candidates from our portfolio in Japan and certain other territories in Asia (excluding China) (the Taiho Territory). The Taiho Agreement provides Taiho with exclusive options, over a five-year period (the Option Period), to obtain an exclusive
development and commercialization license to clinical stage product candidates from our programs (each, an Arcus Program). In consideration for the
exclusive options and other rights contained in the Taiho Agreement, Taiho will make non-refundable, non-creditable cash payments to us totaling $35.0 million, of
which we received $25.0 million during 2017. We are due an additional $5.0 million of non-refundable and non-creditable payments in both 2018 and 2019. In the event that we do not initiate IND enabling studies for at least five Arcus Programs prior to the expiration of the Option Period, Taiho may elect to
extend the Option Period, up to a maximum of seven years for the Option Period, subject to an extension fee. If Taiho elects to exercise an option they will be obligated to make an exercise option payment for each option exercise of between
$3.0 million to $15.0 million, dependent on the development stage of the applicable Arcus Program for which the option is exercised. In addition, under the Taiho Agreement, we are eligible to receive additional clinical and regulatory
milestones totaling up to $130.0 million per Arcus Program, and we will be eligible to receive contingent payments of up to $145.0 million per Arcus Program associated with the achievement of specified levels of Taiho net sales
in the Taiho Territory. In addition, we will receive royalties ranging from high single-digits to mid-teens on
net sales of licensed products in the Taiho Territory. Royalties will be payable on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis during the period of time commencing on the first commercial sale of a licensed product in a country and ending upon the later of: (a) ten (10) years from the date of first
commercial sale of such licensed product in such country; and (b) expiration of the last-to-expire valid claim of our patents covering the manufacture, use or sale
or exploitation of such licensed product in such country. WuXi Biologics License Agreement In August 2017, we entered into a license agreement (the WuXi Agreement) with WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. (Wuxi Biologics) for an exclusive license to
develop, use, manufacture, and commercialize products including AB122. Under the WuXi Agreement, we have made upfront and milestone payments of $18.5 million as of December 31, 2017 and we may be required to make additional clinical and
regulatory milestone payments, commercialization milestone payments up to $375.0 million, and royalty payments that range from high single-digits to low teens of net sales. However, because the achievement of these milestones is not fixed and
determinable, such commitments have not been included on our consolidated balance sheet or under 74 Table of Contents “—Contractual Obligations and Commitments” below. For additional information regarding future payments to third parties, including milestone and royalty payments to WuXi Biologics,
please see “Business—License Agreements.” Abmuno License Agreement In December 2016, we entered into a license agreement (the Abmuno Agreement) with Abmuno Therapeutics LLC (Abmuno) for a worldwide exclusive license to
develop, use, manufacture, and commercialize products including AB154. Under the Abmuno Agreement, we made upfront and milestone payments of $3.8 million as of December 31, 2017 and we may be required to make additional clinical, regulatory and
commercialization milestone payments up to $103.8 million. However, because the achievement of these milestones is not fixed and determinable, such commitments have not been included on our consolidated balance sheet or under
“—Contractual Obligations and Commitments” below. For additional information regarding future payments to third parties, including milestone payments to Abmuno, please see “Business— License Agreements.” Components of Operating Results Collaboration and
License Revenue We recognize revenue from the Taiho Agreement for research and development services provided pursuant to our collaboration with
Taiho on the development of certain product candidates. Operating Expenses Research and Development Expenses Our research and
development expenses consist of expenses incurred in connection with the research and development of our research programs. These expenses include payroll and personnel expenses including stock-based compensation for our research and product
development employees, laboratory supplies, product licenses, consulting costs, contract research, pre-clinical and clinical expenses, and depreciation. We expense both internal and external research and
development costs as they are incurred. Non-refundable advance payments for services that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses and recognized
as an expense as the related services are performed. We do not allocate our costs by product candidates, as a significant amount of research and
development expenses include