—Past performance by our management team is not indicative of future performance of an investment in
us.” Our management team has 95 Table of Contents fiduciary and contractual obligations to Cartesian and its affiliates, including CGC I if it fails to consummate its business combination with TWMH, the TIG Entities and Alvarium. We believe that
these obligations do not present a material conflict of interest, as our sponsor is wholly-owned by Pangaea Three-B, LP, a private equity fund sponsored by Cartesian and any potential target businesses
suitable for us will likely be beyond the investment scale targeted by Pangaea Three-B, LP. Members of our management team will directly or indirectly own our ordinary shares following this offering and, accordingly, may have a
conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect
to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. As more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an
initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, including CGC I if it fails to consummate its
business combination with TWMH, the TIG Entities and Alvarium, he may, subject to his fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, be required to present such initial business combination opportunity to such entity, including CGC I if it fails to
consummate its business combination with TWMH, the TIG Entities and Alvarium, prior to presenting such initial business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our officers, directors and director nominees currently have certain relevant fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations to other entities, including CGC I if it fails to consummate its business combination with TWMH, the TIG Entities and Alvarium. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our
executive officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination. In
addition, our sponsor has, and our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future, sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are
seeking an initial business combination, including CGC I if it fails to consummate its business combination with TWMH, the TIG Entities and Alvarium. Any such companies, businesses or investments, including CGC I if it fails to consummate its
business combination with TWMH, the TIG Entities and Alvarium, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to
complete our initial business combination, because our management team has significant experience in identifying and executing multiple acquisition opportunities simultaneously, and we believe there are multiple potential opportunities within the
industries and geographies of our primary focus. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours
to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. We expect that our officers will devote a substantial amount of time to our affairs. The
amount of time that our officers or any other members of our management will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business
combination process. Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets We believe our team has the required analytic, financial, and operational expertise to complete a successful initial business combination and
generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. Our acquisition and value-creation strategy is to identify and combine with an established high-growth company that can benefit from both a constructive combination and continued
value-creation by our management team. We believe that our team’s cycle-tested and distinctive investment approach will contribute to a successful initial business combination and the continued development of the combined company. This approach
involves a growth-oriented strategy and disciplined value-creation that the Cartesian team has consistently maintained and refined for over more than 20 years. 96 Table of Contents From our longstanding practice, we have developed an extensive network of relationships with
commercially successful families and privately held businesses in a wide range of industries and sectors around the world. We have worked closely with the advisors to those families and businesses, who often refer projects, companies, and potential
partners to us. We will draw on this network as well as our expertise and relationships globally to develop a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our
sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such an initial business
combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. As
more fully discussed in “Management — Conflicts of Interest,” if any of our executive officers becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of
our executive officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation, the owners of the target business would exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our
ordinary shares or for a combination of our ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe
target businesses will find this method a more certain and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road
show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial
public offering is always subject to the underwriter’s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater
access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders’ interests. It can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in
attracting talented employees. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as
modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not
limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and
exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our
securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying 97 Table of Contents with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply
to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth
company unt