See “Risk Factors” and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should consider before investing in our securities. For additional information concerning the offering, see “Plan of Distribution.” 4 RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A Common Stock involves
risks. Before you make a decision to buy our Class A Common Stock, you should carefully consider the following risks, together with other
risks incorporated by reference in this prospectus from our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and
the risks and information contained in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. See “Where You Can Find
More Information.” These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
The trading price of our Class A Common Stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
Additionally, the risks and uncertainties incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement are not the only risks
and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial
may become material and adversely affect our business. Risks Relating to the Recapitalization Transactions
Generally We may fail to realize all of the anticipated
benefits and synergies of the Recapitalization Transactions, or those benefits and synergies may take longer to realize than expected
due to factors that may be outside our control. On October 28, 2025, we closed the Recapitalization
Transactions to enhance our financial position and financial flexibility by significantly reducing our existing indebtedness. See “Summary—Recent
Developments”. We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Recapitalization Transactions, including, among other things,
anticipated revenue and cost synergies, due to factors that may be outside our control. Our ability to continue to grow our business depends
upon our ability to successfully hire, train, supervise, retain and manage new team members, obtain financing for our capital needs, expand
our systems effectively, control increasing costs, allocate our human resources optimally, maintain clear lines of communication between
our operational functions and our finance and accounting functions and manage the pressures on our management and administrative, operational
and financial infrastructure. If we fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the Recapitalization Transactions, or if those benefits
take longer to realize than expected, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to manage our Board transition and related changes could
materially adversely affect our business. Our success depends to a significant degree on the continued contributions
of members of our senior management and other key officers, and the loss of any such persons could have a material adverse effect on our
business. To facilitate the Recapitalization Transactions, on August 20, 2025, Timothy Bixby, Jennifer Fleiss, Scott Friend, Beth Kaplan,
Daniel Rosensweig, and Michael Roth tendered their resignations from the Board and all committees on which they served, contingent upon
the consummation of the Recapitalization Transactions and the Board accepting such resignations, to be effective upon acceptance. On October
28, 2025, the Board accepted these resignations, effective immediately. Although the Board has been restructured with the appointments of Teri
Bariquit, Peter Comisar, Dhiren Fonseca, Damian Giangiacomo, and Daniel Rosensweig, and additional changes to the Audit Committee and
the designation of Mr. Fonseca as Executive Chair, this transition may cause temporary uncertainty and disruption. Additionally, the Investor
Group has indicated that it is continuing to use commercially reasonable efforts to identify and designate a third Investor Director to
the Board, which could take place in the near future. The potential uncertainty and disruption resulting from the Board transition,
along with the ongoing efforts to identify a third Investor Director, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. For more information on the Board transition, see “Summary – Recent Developments.” In connection with the Recapitalization Transactions, we entered
into a new credit agreement, which includes covenants that could restrict our operations or our ability to pursue growth strategies and
initiatives, and failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Upon the closing of the Recapitalization Transactions, we entered into
an amended and restated credit agreement (the “New Credit Agreement”), by and among Rent the Runway, as borrower, CHS (US)
Management 5 LLC, as administrative agent (“Agent”), and the Investor
Group, as lenders. The New Credit Agreement amended and restated our prior credit agreement, dated as of July 23, 2018, by and among Rent
the Runway, as borrower, Lender, as a lender, and CHS (US) Management LLC (as successor-in-interest to Double Helix Pte Ltd.), as administrative
agent (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to entering to the New Credit Agreement,
the “Prior Credit Agreement”). The New Credit Agreement contains negative covenants that limit our ability to, among other
things, incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions, amend our material agreements, make investments,
incur liens, make negative pledges, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, and enter
into certain transactions with affiliates. Our obligation to comply with such covenants could decrease our operating flexibility and our
ability to achieve our operating objectives, which could have an adverse affect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, in the past we have sought waivers and/or
concessions from our Lender to ensure our continued compliance with certain covenants under our Prior Credit Agreement, and we may in
the future be unable to comply with the covenants under the New Credit Agreement. If we were unable to comply with our covenants and
successfully negotiate with the Investor Group for a waiver or dispensation of such covenants under the New Credit Agreement, Agent would
have the right to accelerate repayment of all outstanding obligations under the New Credit Agreement, which would become immediately
due and payable, and exercise all other rights and remedies available under the New Credit Agreement. While our Lender has previously
granted waivers or entered into amendments to the Prior Credit Agreement to avoid certain events of default, there can be no assurance
that the Investor Group will be willing to do so in the future. In addition, the rights of the Investor Group under the New Credit Agreement
are transferable and assignable, and any transferee may not be willing to grant such waivers or enter into such amendments, or have interests
that align with us and our stockholders. Therefore, any failure to comply with the covenants under the New Credit Agreement and negotiate
with the Investor Group could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Class A Common
Stock We are currently noncompliant with Nasdaq Marketplace
Rule 5605(c)(2)(A), which requires listed companies to have at least three audit committee members. On October 28, 2025, we notified Nasdaq of our non-compliance
with Nasdaq Rule 5605(c)(2)(A), which requires that the Audit Committee be comprised of three independent directors, and our intent to
rely on the cure period provided by Nasdaq Rule 5605(c)(4)(B). While we intend to appoint an independent director
to the Audit Committee no later than our 2026 annual meeting of stockholders, as provided by Nasdaq Rule 5605(c)(4)(B), there can be no
assurances that we will be able to evidence compliance with all applicable requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq within the required
timeframe. The failure to meet continuing compliance standards subjects our Class A Common Stock to a possible delisting. A delisting
of our Class A Common Stock would have an adverse effect on the market liquidity of our Class A Common Stock and, as a result, the market
price for our Class A Common Stock could become more volatile. Further, a delisting also could make it more difficult for us to raise
additional capital. 6 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING