.” We believe the assumptions
underlying the combined financial statements are reasonable. However, the combined financial statements included herein may not necessarily reflect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows in the future or what they would have
been had we been a separate, stand-alone company during the periods presented. Overview We are a market-leading consumer products company with a presence in 95% of households across the United States. We produce and sell products
across three broad categories: cooking products, waste & storage products and tableware. We sell our products under iconic brands such as Reynolds and Hefty and also under store brands that are strategically important to our customers.
Overall, across both our branded and store brand offerings, over 65% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 came from products where we hold the #1 U.S. market share position in the category, and in virtually all of our major
product categories we hold either a #1 or #2 U.S. market share position by revenue. We have developed our market-leading position by investing in our product categories and consistently developing innovative products that meet the evolving needs and
preferences of the modern consumer. Our mix of branded and store brand products is a key competitive advantage that aligns our goal of
growing the overall product category with our customers’ goals and positions us as a trusted strategic partner to our retailers. Our Reynolds and Hefty brands have preeminent positions in their categories and carry strong brand recognition in
household aisles. The combination of our store brand offerings, the shared goal of category growth and indispensable support in marketing, innovation, branding and promotions has enabled us to achieve the position of category captain level advisor
across 29 customers, which represent 73% of U.S. category sales, based on Nielsen ACV in 2018. We manage our operations in four operating
and reportable segments: Reynolds Cooking & Baking, Hefty Waste & Storage, Hefty Tableware and Presto Products: • Reynolds Cooking & Baking : Through our Reynolds
Cooking & Baking segment, we produce branded and store brand foil, parchment paper, disposable aluminum pans and slow cooker liners. Our branded products are sold under the Reynolds Wrap, Reynolds KITCHENS and E-Z Foil brands in the United States, the Diamond brand outside of North America and the ALCAN brand in Canada. • Hefty Waste & Storage : Through our Hefty Waste &
Storage segment, we produce both branded and store brand trash and food storage bags. Our products are sold under brand names such as Hefty Ultra Strong, Hefty Strong Trash Bags and Hefty Slider Bags. • Hefty Tableware : Through our Hefty Tableware segment, we sell both branded and store brand
disposable plates, bowls, platters, cups and cutlery. Our branded products, which include dishes and party cups, are sold under the Hefty brand. 64 Table of Contents • Presto Products: Through our Presto Products segment, we primarily sell store brand food storage
bags, trash bags, disposable storage containers and plastic wrap. Trends and Factors Impacting Our Performance We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but
also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in the section of this prospectus titled “Risk Factors.” Consumer Demand
for our Products Our business is largely impacted by the demands of our customers, and our success depends on our ability to
anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences. Our products are household staples with a presence in 95% of households across the United States. We expect our household penetration to continue to increase with the underlying growth in
the number of households in the United States and Canada, which is estimated to be approximately 1% from 2018 to 2023. We also expect
that consumers’ desire for convenience will continue to sustain demand for our products. Today’s consumers are focused on convenience, which extends into household products that improve ease of use and provide time savings, and they are
willing to pay a higher price for innovative features and functionality. While advanced features are already prevalent in many of our products, we intend to continue investing in product development to accommodate the convenience-oriented lifestyles
of today’s consumers, particularly through our Reyvolution initiatives. Furthermore, while many consumers still prefer to purchase
branded products, they are becoming increasingly comfortable purchasing store brand products across broader product categories. Branded products and store brand products accounted for 57% and 43% of our revenue, excluding business-to-business revenue, respectively, in the year ended December 31, 2018. Penetration of store brand products is growing at 0.9% per year across our categories in
the aggregate, driven by retailer investment in quality and tiered product offerings. However, penetration and growth does vary by product category, with higher store brand growth and penetration in our disposable tableware than in our bakeware,
storage and trash bag and foil product offerings. We intend to continue investing in both our branded and store brand products to grow the entire product category. Our scale across household aisles and ability to offer both branded and store brand
products enable us to grow the overall category. Through our category captain level advisor roles with our retail partners, we offer marketing and consumer shopping strategies, both in store and online, which expand usage occasions and stimulate
consumption. Raw Material, Energy and Freight Price Fluctuations Our business is impacted by fluctuations in the prices of the raw materials, energy and freight costs incurred in manufacturing and
distributing our products as well as fluctuations in logistics costs related thereto. The primary raw materials used to manufacture our products are plastic resins and aluminum, and we also use commodity chemicals and energy. We are exposed to
commodity and other price risk principally from the purchase of resin, aluminum, natural gas, electricity, carton board and diesel. We distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by rail and truck, which exposes us to fluctuations in
freight and handling costs caused by reduced rail and trucking capacity. Sales contracts for our products typically do not contain pass-through mechanisms for raw material, energy and freight cost changes, but we adjust prices, where possible, in
response to such price fluctuations. Resin prices have historically fluctuated with changes in the prices of crude oil and natural gas,
as well as changes in refining capacity and the demand for other petroleum-based products. Aluminum prices have historically been volatile, as aluminum is a cyclical commodity with prices subject to global market factors. Raw material costs have
also been impacted by governmental actions, such as tariffs and trade sanctions. 65 Table of Contents Purchases of most of our raw materials are based on negotiated rates with suppliers, which
are linked to published indices. Typically, we do not enter into long-term purchase contracts that provide for fixed quantities or prices for our principal raw materials. We use various strategies to manage our cost exposures on certain raw material purchases, and we use naturally established forecast cycles to
influence the purchase of raw materials. In addition, from time to time we have entered into hedging agreements, including commodity derivative contracts, to hedge commodity prices primarily related to aluminum, diesel and benzene with the objective
of obtaining more predictable costs for these commodities. The realized and unrealized gains or losses arising from derivative instruments are recognized in cost of sales. Furthermore, since we distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by rail and truck, reduced availability of rail or trucking
capacity and fluctuations in freight and handling costs have caused us to incur increased expenses in prior periods. Where applicable, we also adjust the prices of our products in response to fluctuations in production and distribution costs. Our operating results are also sensitive to energy-related cost movements, including those impacting both our manufacturing operations and
transportation and utility costs. Competitive Environment We operate in a marketplace influenced by large retailers with strong negotiating power over their suppliers. Current trends among these large
retailers include increased demand for innovative new products from suppliers, requiring suppliers to maintain or reduce product prices and to deliver products within shorter lead times. We also face the threat of competition from new entrants to
our markets as well as from existing competitors, including those overseas who may have lower production costs. In addition, the timing and amount in which our competitors invest in advertising and promotional spending may vary from quarter to
quarter and impact our sales volumes and financial results. See “Business—Competition” for more detail on our competitors. Reyvolution We intend to continually reinvent and optimize our business through Reyvolution—an all-encompassing way of thinking, planning and evaluating our operations to accelerate future growth through product innovation, process automation and cost reduction. Through this program, we have made
significant investment focused on reinforcing our existing product portfolio with new and on-trend products, reducing costs to drive increased profitability and refining automation and our manufacturing base
to increase efficiency. For the two year period ended December 31, 2018, the impact of Reyvolution was approximately $176 million of Adjusted EBITDA benefit. Of the total, $12