and anticipate generating only limited revenue from our NAV Technology Platform sublicensing in the near future. To date, a significant portion of our
revenues have been generated from the sublicensing of rights to our NAV Technology Platform. Our ability to generate future revenues from our NAV Technology Platform sublicensing depends on many factors, including: • our NAV Technology Licensees successfully developing gene therapy products using our NAV Technology Platform; 24 Table of Contents • obtaining and maintaining market acceptance of our NAV Technology Platform as a primary gene therapy technology; • maintaining our licensing relationships with our licensor partners, including GlaxoSmithKline LLC (GSK) and The Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania (together with the University of Pennsylvania, Penn); • addressing any competing technological and market developments; • implementing additional internal systems and infrastructure, as needed; • negotiating favorable terms in any licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such agreements; • maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; • avoiding and defending against third-party interference, infringement and other intellectual property related claims; and • attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel. We have never generated revenue from product
candidate sales and have only generated limited revenue from reagent sales. Our ability to generate revenue from product
candidate sales depends on our ability, alone or with partners, to successfully complete the development of, and obtain the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize, our product candidates. All of our revenues to date have been from
sublicensing our NAV Technology Platform and the sale of licensed reagents to third-parties for use in research and development. We do not consider reagent sales a core aspect of our business model and we do not dedicate significant resources to
sales efforts for reagents. Accordingly, future revenue from reagent sales is uncertain and may fluctuate significantly from period to period. We do not anticipate generating revenues from our and our NAV Technology Licensees’ product candidate
sales for the next several years, if ever. Our ability to generate future revenues from product candidate sales depends heavily on our, or our NAV Technology Licensees’, success in: • completing research studies and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates and identifying new gene therapy product candidates; • seeking and obtaining regulatory and marketing approvals for product candidates for which clinical trials are completed; • launching and commercializing product candidates for which we obtain regulatory and marketing approval by establishing a sales force, marketing and distribution infrastructure or, alternatively, collaborating with a
commercialization partner; • negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; • qualifying for adequate coverage and reimbursement by government and third-party payors for our product candidates; • maintaining and enhancing a sustainable, scalable, reproducible and transferable manufacturing process for our vectors and product candidates; • establishing and maintaining supply and manufacturing relationships with third parties that can provide adequate, in both amount and quality, products and services to support clinical development and the market demand
for our product candidates, if approved; • obtaining market acceptance of our product candidates as a viable treatment option; • addressing any competing technological and market developments; 25 Table of Contents • implementing additional internal systems and infrastructure, as needed; • negotiating favorable terms in any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter and performing our obligations in such collaborations; • maintaining, protecting and expanding our portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and know-how; • avoiding and defending against third-party interference, infringement and other intellectual property related claims; and • attracting, hiring and retaining qualified personnel, including research and development, clinical development, regulatory and others. Even if one or more of the product candidates that we develop is approved for commercial sale, we anticipate incurring significant costs
associated with commercializing any approved product candidate. Our expenses could increase beyond expectations if we are required by the FDA, the EMA or other regulatory authorities to perform clinical and other studies in addition to those that we
currently anticipate. Even if we are able to generate revenues from the sale of any approved products, we may not become profitable and may need to obtain additional funding to continue operations. Our limited operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. We are a preclinical company formed in July 2008. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our
company, business planning, raising capital, acquiring our technology, administering and expanding our NAV Technology Platform sublicensing, identifying potential product candidates and undertaking research and preclinical studies of our product
candidates and establishing licensing arrangements. We have not yet demonstrated the ability to manage broad expansion of our NAV Technology Platform sublicensing efforts, complete and report preclinical or clinical trials of our product candidates,
obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a commercial-scale product or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful commercialization. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as
accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. In addition, as a new business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses,
difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We will need to transition from a company with a licensing and research focus to a company that is also capable of supporting clinical development and commercial activities. We
may not be successful in such a transition. Our management will not be required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting until the end of the fiscal year for which our second annual report is due. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy of our financial reports. As a public company, we will be required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material
weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Beginning with our second annual report following this
offering, we will be required to provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. When we are no longer an emerging growth company, our management report on internal control over financial reporting will need to be attested
to by our independent registered public accounting firm. We do not expect to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to our management report on internal control over financial reporting while we are an emerging growth company. If we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our
financial statements may be materially misstated. In addition, our internal control over 26 Table of Contents financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. If there are
material weaknesses or failures in our ability to meet any of the requirements related to the maintenance and reporting of our internal controls, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and that could
cause the price of our common stock to decline. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by NASDAQ, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional management attention and which could adversely affect our
business. As described below we currently have two material weaknesses, which we are in the process of remediating. In preparation for this offering, we identified two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remedy our
material weaknesses, or if we fail to establish and maintain effective internal controls, we may be unable to produce timely and accurate financial statements, and we may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective,
which could adversely impact our investors’ confidence and our stock price. In connection with the audit of our financial
statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we identified two material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in
internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. First, we determined that we did not have adequate procedures and controls in our contract review process to ensure the complet