.” Overview We are a regional air carrier providing scheduled passenger service to 110 cities in 38 states, the District of Columbia, Canada, Mexico and the Bahamas. All
of our flights are operated as either American Eagle or United Express flights pursuant to the terms of capacity purchase agreements we entered into with American and United. We have a significant presence in several of our major airline
partners’ key domestic hubs and focus cities, including Dallas, Houston, Phoenix and Washington-Dulles. As of March 31, 2018, we operated a fleet of 145
aircraft with approximately 610 daily departures. We operate 64 CRJ-900 aircraft under our American Capacity Purchase Agreement and 20 CRJ-700 and 60 E-175 aircraft under our United Capacity Purchase Agreement. For the six months ended March 31, 2018, approximately 55% of our aircraft in scheduled service were operated for United and approximately
45% were operated for American. All of our operating revenue in our 2017 fiscal year and the six months ended March 31, 2018 was derived from operations associated with our American and United Capacity Purchase Agreements. Our long-term capacity purchase agreements provide us guaranteed monthly revenue for each aircraft under contract, a fixed fee for each block hour and flight actually
flown, and reimbursement of certain direct operating expenses in exchange for providing regional flying on behalf of our major airline partners. Our capacity purchase agreements also shelter us from many of the elements that cause volatility in
airline financial performance, including fuel prices, variations in ticket prices, and fluctuations in number of passengers. Our major airline partners control route selection, pricing, seat inventories, marketing and scheduling, and provide us with
ground support services, airport landing slots and gate access. Trends and Uncertainties Affecting Our Business We believe our operating and business performance is driven by various factors that typically affect regional airlines and their markets, including trends which affect
the broader airline and travel industries, though our capacity purchase agreements reduce our exposure to fluctuations in certain trends. The following key factors may materially affect our future performance: Availability and Training of Qualified Pilots . On July 8, 2013, as directed by the U.S. Congress, the FAA issued more stringent pilot qualification and crew
member flight training standards, which, among other things, increased the required training time for new airline pilots from 250 hours to 1,500 hours of flight time. With these changes, the supply of qualified pilot candidates eligible for hiring
by the airline industry has been dramatically reduced. To address the diminished supply of qualified pilot candidates, regional airlines implemented significant pilot wage and bonus increases. In prior periods, these factors caused our pilot attrition rates to be higher than our ability to hire and retain replacement pilots and we have been unable to provide
flight services at or exceeding the 48 Table of Contents minimum flight operating levels expected by our major airline partners. See “ Business—Capacity Purchase Agreements .” However, on July 13, 2017, we reached a new
four-year collective bargaining agreement with our pilots that provides increases in our pilots’ wages, premium pay for flying on scheduled days off and competitive signing bonuses for prospective new pilots. See
“ Business—Employees .” Following the ratification of our new collective bargaining agreement in July 2017, the average number of new pilot applications per month has increased by 45.3%. We believe that our average number of new pilot applications per month will continue to exceed pilot attrition during our 2018 fiscal year. However, we face a
significant training backlog for our new pilot candidates before we are able to resume flight services at or exceeding the minimum flight operating levels expected by our major airline partners. We are carefully optimizing pilot scheduling and
providing premium pay to incentivize our pilots to fly on scheduled days off to maintain the flight schedules expected by our major airline partners. We have also negotiated increased access to flight simulators with our vendors and hired additional
instructors to streamline our backlog of pilot training, but our results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to hire and train our pilots in a timely manner. Pilot Attrition. In recent years, we have experienced significant volatility in our attrition as a result of pilot wage and bonus increases at other regional air
carriers, the growth of cargo, low-cost and ultra low-cost carriers and the number of pilots at major airlines reaching the statutory mandatory retirement age of 65 years. Following the ratification of our new
collective bargaining agreement in July 2017, our average pilot attrition per month has decreased by 16.2%. If our actual pilot attrition rates are materially different than our projections, our operations and financial results could be materially
and adversely affected. Labor . The airline industry is heavily unionized. The wages, benefits and work rules of unionized airline industry employees are
determined by collective bargaining agreements. As of March 31, 2018, approximately 76.7% of our workforce was represented by the ALPA and AFA. Our pilots and flight attendants ratified new four-year collective bargaining agreements during
calendar 2017. The agreements include rate increases for three years and two years, respectively, after the amendable dates. The new agreements are amendable following their four-year term and include labor rate structures for two years (flight
attendants) and three years (pilots), respectively, after the amendable dates. The terms and conditions of our future collective bargaining agreements may be affected by the results of collective bargaining negotiations at other airlines that may
have a greater ability, due to larger scale, greater efficiency or other factors, to bear higher costs than we can. In addition, conflicts between airlines and their unions can lead to work slowdowns or stoppages. A strike or other significant labor
dispute with our unionized employees may adversely affect our ability to conduct business. Competition . The airline industry is highly competitive. We
compete principally with other regional airlines. Major airlines typically award capacity purchase agreements to regional airlines based on the following criteria: ability to fly contracted schedules, availability of labor resources, including
pilots, low operating cost, financial resources, geographical infrastructure, overall customer service levels relating to on-time arrival and flight completion percentages and the overall image of the regional airline. We expect that, over the next
five years, capacity purchase agreements representing up to 300 aircraft currently flown by our competitors on behalf of our major airline partners will expire by their terms and be subject to rebidding. In addition, our United Capacity Purchase
Agreement expires with respect to 50 aircraft between June 2019 and August 2020. Our ability to renew our existing agreements and earn additional flying opportunities in the future will depend, in significant part, on our ability to maintain a
low-cost structure competitive with other regional air carriers. See “ Business—Competition .” Market Volatility . The airline industry
is volatile and affected by economic cycles and trends. Consumer confidence and discretionary spending, fear of terrorism or war, weakening economic conditions, fare 49 Table of Contents initiatives, fluctuations in fuel prices, labor actions, changes in governmental regulations on taxes and fees, weather and other factors have contributed to a number of reorganizations,
bankruptcies, liquidations and business combinations among major and regional airlines. The effect of economic cycles and trends may be somewhat mitigated by our reliance on capacity purchase agreements. If, however, any of our major airline
partners experiences a prolonged decline in the number of passengers or is negatively affected by low ticket prices or high fuel prices, it may seek rate reductions in future capacity purchase agreements, or materially reduce our scheduled flights
in order to reduce its costs. Our financial performance could be negatively impacted by any adverse changes to the rates, number of aircraft or utilization under our capacity purchase agreements. Maintenance Contracts, Costs and Timing . Our employees perform routine airframe and engine maintenance along with periodic inspections of equipment at their
respective maintenance facilities. We also use third-party vendors, such as AAR, Aviall, Bombardier, GE and StandardAero, for certain heavy airframe and engine maintenance work, along with parts procurement and component overhaul services for our
aircraft fleet. As of March 31, 2018, $58.9 million of parts inventory was consigned to us by AAR and Aviall under long-term contracts that is not reflected on our balance sheet. The average age of our E-175, CRJ-900 and CRJ-700 type aircraft is approximately 2.4, 11.5 and 14.2 years, respectively. Due to the relatively young age of our E-175 aircraft, they require less maintenance now
than they will in the future. Over the past five years, we have incurred relatively low maintenance expenses on our E-175 aircraft because most of the parts are under multi-year warranties and a limited number
of heavy airframe checks and engine overhauls have occurred. As our E-175 aircraft age and these warranties expire, we expect that maintenance costs will increase in absolute terms and as a percentage of
revenue. In addition, because our current aircraft were acquired over a relatively short period of time, significant maintenance events scheduled for these aircraft will occur at roughly the same int