The purchase of our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties described below, together with the risks described elsewhere in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. If any of
these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose some
or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry The residential real estate market is cyclical and we are negatively impacted by downturns in this market and general global economic conditions. The residential real estate market tends to be cyclical and typically is affected by changes in general economic conditions which are
beyond our control. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, fluctuations in debt and equity capital markets, levels of unemployment, consumer confidence and the general condition of the U.S. and the global
economy. The residential real estate market also depends upon the strength of financial institutions, which are sensitive to changes in the general macroeconomic environment. Lack of available credit or lack of confidence in the financial sector
could impact the residential real estate market, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, the U.S. residential real estate market has only recently shown signs of recovery after having been in a significant and prolonged downturn, which began in the second half of 2005. Due to the
cyclicality of the real estate market, we cannot predict whether the recovery will continue or if and when the market and related economic forces will return the U.S. residential real estate industry to a period of sustained growth. If the
residential real estate market or the economy as a whole does not improve, we may experience adverse effects on our business, financial condition and liquidity, including our ability to access capital and grow our business. Any of the following could be associated with cyclicality in the housing market by halting or limiting a recovery in the housing market,
and have a material adverse effect on our business by causing periods of lower growth or a decline in the number of home sales and/or home prices which, in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and profitability: • continued high unemployment; • a period of slow economic growth or recessionary conditions; • weak credit markets; • a low level of consumer confidence in the economy and/or the residential real estate market; • instability of financial institutions; • legislative, tax or regulatory changes that would adversely impact the residential real estate market, including but not limited to potential reform
relating to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and other government sponsored entities (“GSEs”) that provide liquidity to the U.S. housing and mortgage markets; • increasing mortgage rates and down payment requirements and/or constraints on the availability of mortgage financing, including but not limited to the
potential impact of various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) or other legislation and regulations that may be promulgated thereunder relating to mortgage financing,
including restrictions imposed on mortgage originators as well as retention levels required to be maintained by sponsors to securitize certain mortgages; 25 Table of Contents • excessive or insufficient regional home inventory levels; • renewed high levels of foreclosure activity, including but not limited to the release of homes already held for sale by financial institutions; • adverse changes in local or regional economic conditions; • the inability or unwillingness of homeowners to enter into home sale transactions due to negative equity in their existing homes; • a decrease in the affordability of homes; • local, state and federal government laws or regulations that burden residential real estate transactions or ownership, including but not limited to
changes in the tax laws, such as potential limits on, or elimination of, the deductibility of certain mortgage interest expense, the application of the alternative minimum tax, and real property taxes and employee relocation expense; • decreasing home ownership rates, declining demand for real estate and changing social attitudes toward home ownership; and/or • acts of God, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other natural disasters that disrupt local or regional real estate markets. The failure of the U.S. residential real estate market recovery to be sustained or a prolonged decline in the number
of home sales and/or home sale prices could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. The U.S. residential real
estate market has recently shown signs of recovery after having been in a significant and prolonged downturn, which began in the second half of 2005. However, we do not know if this recovery will continue in the future or if and when the market and
related economic forces will return the U.S. residential real estate industry to a period of sustained growth. A lack of a continued recovery or a prolonged decline in existing home sales, a decline in home sale prices or a decline in commission
rates charged by our franchisees/brokers could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the ongoing monthly fees we receive from our franchisees and our company owned brokerages and reduce the management fees charged by our company
owned brokerages. The lack of financing for homebuyers in the U.S. residential real estate market at favorable rates and on favorable
terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. Our business is
significantly impacted by the availability of financing at favorable rates or on favorable terms for homebuyers, which may be affected by government regulations and policies. Certain potential reforms such as the U.S. federal government’s
conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, proposals to reform the U.S. housing market, attempts to increase loan modifications for homeowners with negative equity, monetary policy of the U.S. government, any rising interest rate environment and
the Dodd-Frank Act may adversely impact the housing industry, including homebuyers’ ability to finance and purchase homes. The monetary policy of the U.S. government, and particularly the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in
the U.S., significantly affects the availability of financing at favorable rates and on favorable terms, which in turn affects the domestic real estate market. Policies of the Federal Reserve Board can affect interest rates available to potential
homebuyers. Further, we are affected by any rising interest rate environment. Changes in the Federal Reserve Board’s policies, the interest rate environment and mortgage market are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could restrict
the availability of financing on reasonable terms for homebuyers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the possibility of the elimination of the mortgage interest
deduction could have an adverse effect on the housing market by reducing incentives for buying or refinancing homes and negatively affecting property values. 26 Table of Contents In addition, the reduction in government support for housing finance, including the winding
down of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, further reduces the availability of financing for homebuyers in the U.S. residential real estate market. In connection with the U.S. federal government’s conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, it has
provided billions of dollars of funding to these entities in the form of preferred stock investments to backstop shortfalls in their capital requirements. The U.S. Treasury announced that it would accelerate the winding down of these entities, but
no consensus has emerged in Congress concerning a successor, if any. Given the current uncertainty with respect to the current and further potential reforms relating to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, we cannot predict either the short or long term
effects of such regulation and its impact on homebuyers’ ability to finance and purchase homes. In an effort to assist recovery of the housing market, the U.S. government has also attempted to increase loan modifications for homeowners with
negative equity, but there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective. Furthermore, during the past several
years, many lenders have significantly tightened their underwriting standards, and many subprime and other alternative mortgage products are no longer being made available in the marketplace. If these trends continue and mortgage loans continue to
be difficult to obtain, including in the jumbo mortgage markets, the ability and willingness of prospective buyers to finance home purchases or to sell their existing homes will be adversely affected, which will adversely affect our operating
results. The Dodd-Frank Act, which was passed to more closely regulate the financial services industry, created an
independent federal bureau of consumer financial protection, which enforces consumer protection laws, including mortgage finance. The Dodd-Frank Act also established new standards and practices for mortgage originators, including determining a
prospective borrower’s ability to repay their mortgage, removing incentives for higher cost mortgages, prohibiting prepayment penalties for non-qualified mortgages, prohibiting mandatory arbitration clauses, requiring additional disclosures to
po