described in our public filings, including the following risks: • We may fail to obtain stockholder approval of the conversion of our Series B Preferred Stock. • We are a development-stage company and have incurred significant losses since our inception. We expect to incur losses for the
                    foreseeable future and may never achieve or maintain profitability. • We will need substantial additional funding in order to complete development of our product candidates and commercialize our
                    products, if approved. If we are unable to raise capital when needed and on terms favorable to us, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization efforts. • We develop our mRNA-based product candidates by leveraging our proprietary technology and our manufacturing platform, RNA
                    Armory®, which is an unproven approach to the treatment of autoimmune disease. We are early in most of our clinical development efforts and may not be successful in our efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates and develop
                    marketable drugs. • Clinical drug development is inherently risky and involves a lengthy and expensive process, which is subject to a number of
                    factors, many of which are outside of our control. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. • We expect to continue to grow our manufacturing capabilities and resources and we must incur significant costs to develop this
                    expertise and/or rely on third parties to manufacture our products. • We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties to conduct our clinical trials, and those third parties may not
                    perform satisfactorily, including by failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials. • If we or our licensors are unable to adequately protect our proprietary technology, or obtain and maintain issued patents that
                    are sufficient to protect our product candidates, others could compete against us more directly, which would negatively impact our business. • We have been in the past and may in the future be subject to stockholder litigation. • The failure to successfully integrate the businesses of Selecta and Old Cartesian in the expected timeframe would adversely
                    affect the Company’s future results. • We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material
                    weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting
                    obligations. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS Risks Related to the Development of our Product Candidates We develop our mRNA-based product candidates by
          leveraging our proprietary technology and our manufacturing platform, RNA Armory®, which is an unproven approach to the treatment of autoimmune disease. We are early in most of our clinical development efforts and may not be successful in our
          efforts to build a pipeline of product candidates and develop marketable drugs. Our mRNA approach to develop product candidates for the treatment of autoimmune diseases
          is an unproven approach. Our most advanced product candidate, Descartes-08 is in Phase 2 clinical development. We have not demonstrated the ability to successfully complete any Phase 3 or other pivotal clinical trials, obtain regulatory
          approvals, manufacture a commercial product, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct other sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. We may have problems identifying new product
          candidates and applying our technologies to other areas. Even if we are successful in identifying new product candidates, they may not be suitable for clinical development, including as a result of manufacturing difficulties, harmful side
          effects, limited efficacy or other characteristics that indicate that they are unlikely to be products that will receive marketing approval and achieve market acceptance. The success of our product candidates will depend on several factors,
          including the following: • design, initiation and completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials with positive results; • reliance on third parties, including but not limited to collaborators, licensees, clinical research organizations and contract
                  manufacturing organizations; • receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; • obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates and not
                  infringing or violating patents or other intellectual property of third parties; • manufacturability, manufacturing, logistics, and stability of our cell therapies, including autologous cell therapies; • growing our internal cGMP manufacturing capabilities to support commercial manufacturing or making arrangements with third-party
                  manufacturers; • launching commercial sales of our products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; • acceptance of our products, if and when approved, by patients and the medical community; • effectively competing with other therapies; • obtaining and maintaining coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payors, including government payors, for our
                  products, if approved; • maintaining an acceptable safety profile of our products following approval; and • maintaining and growing an organization of scientists and businesspeople who can develop and commercialize our product candidates
                  and technology. Our failure to successfully execute on of any of the foregoing for any reason would
          effectively prevent or delay approval of our lead and other product candidates. Clinical drug development is inherently risky and
          involves a lengthy and expensive process which is subject to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and
          commercialization of our product candidates. Clinical development is expensive, time consuming and involves significant risk. It is
          impossible to predict when or if any of our product candidates will prove effective and safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval, and the risk of failure through the development process is high. Before obtaining marketing approval from
          regulatory authorities for the sale of any product candidate, we must complete manufacturing and preclinical development and then conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans.
          Manufacturing cell therapies, particularly those modified with mRNA, is a new field. 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS Preclinical development is costly and inherently uncertain. Early preclinical results
          may not be predictive of future results, however, if our technology proves to be ineffective or unsafe as a result of, among other things, adverse side effects, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be
          unable to complete, the clinical development and commercialization of our product candidates. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our
          product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended indications. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement, can take many years to
          complete and its outcome is inherently uncertain. A failed clinical trial can occur at any stage of testing. Moreover, the outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and
          interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Moreover, we may not be able to complete, or may be required to deviate from the current clinical trial protocol for a variety of reasons. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered
          significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in preclinical development or early-stage clinical trials, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. Serious adverse events (“SAEs”), caused by, or
          other unexpected properties of, any product candidates that we may choose to develop could cause us, an institutional review board or regulatory authority to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials of one or more of such product candidates and
          could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of marketing approval by the FDA or comparable non-U.S. regulatory authorities. If any product candidate that we may choose to develop is associated with SAEs or other unexpected
          properties, we may need to abandon development or limit development of that product candidate to certain uses or subpopulations in which those undesirable characteristics would be expected to be less prevalent, less severe or more tolerable from
          a risk-benefit perspective. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data is often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and
          clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or ot