.” These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in these publications. Trademarks In our key markets, we have rights to use, or hold, certain trademarks relating to Richtech Robotics Inc. or the respective applications for trademark registration are underway. We do not hold or have rights to any other additional patents, trademarks or licenses, that, if absent, would have had a material adverse effect on our business operations. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus may appear without the “ ® ” or “™” symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. Each trademark, trade name or service mark of any other company appearing in this prospectus is the property of its respective holder. i Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information that is presented in greater detail elsewhere in this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information you should consider before investing in our Class B common stock. You should read this entire prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference herein, carefully, including the sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in our Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended September 30, 2025, before making an investment decision. In this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “Richtech” and the “Company” refer to Richtech Robotics Inc. Overview Richtech is a robotics and artificial intelligence (“ AI ”) technology company focused on developing advanced embodied AI systems that aims to improve the efficiency and productivity of U.S. businesses. Richtech trains proprietary artificial intelligence models on in -house data to operate advanced robotic systems in the real world. We design, engineer, manufacture, and deploy next generation embodied AI systems to serve a wide range of industries — including food service, retail, industrial manufacturing, automotive, healthcare, and hospitality. Our robots are designed to be user friendly, reliable, and highly customizable, with the goal of driving tangible profit and loss (“ P&L ”) improvements for our customers. Our mission is to accelerate the advancement of embodied AI in the United States. We aim to become a robotics “Super -Operator ” — i.e. a company operating over one hundred thousand intelligent robots connected through a unified, data -rich AI ecosystem. These robots will perform a wide range of tasks across commercial and industrial environments, from scrubbing floors and packaging deliveries to supporting medical staff in hospitals and staffing factory production lines. Recent Developments 2026 Private Placement On January 27, 2026, the Company entered into the 2026 Purchase Agreement with the Selling Stockholder. Pursuant to the 2026 Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Selling Stockholder, and the Selling Stockholder agreed to purchase from the Company, in a private placement (the “ 2026 Private Placement ”), 8,500,000 Shares, at a purchase price of $4.55 per Share, for aggregate gross proceeds of $38,675,000, prior to deducting placement agent’s fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The 2026 Private Placement closed on January 29, 2026. Pursuant to the 2026 Purchase Agreement, for a period commencing upon the signing of the 2026 Purchase Agreement, until 45 days after the effective date of the registration statemen, of which this prospectus forms part (the “ Resale Registration Statement ”), neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries shall (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any Class B common stock or Class B common stock equivalents, or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto. The restrictions are subject to certain exceptions as described in the 2026 Purchase Agreement. Further, for a period of 15 months following the effective date of the Resale Registration Statement, the Company is also prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Class B common stock or Class B common stock equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction, as defined in the 2026 Purchase Agreement. The 2026 Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and agreements and obligations, conditions to closing and termination provisions. In connection with the Purchase Agreement, on January 27, 2026, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement (the “ Registration Rights Agreement ”) with the investor. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company will be required to file the Resale Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) to register the Shares for resale. The Company agreed to file the Resale Registration Statement by February 16, 2026, and to have such Resale Registration Statement declared effective within 45 days 1 Table of Contents after January 27, 2026, or 75 days after January 27, 2026, in the event of a “full review” by the SEC. The Company will be obligated to pay liquidated damages to the investors if the Company fails to file the Resale Registration Statement when required or fails to cause the Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective by the SEC when required. The net proceeds to the Company from the 2026 Private Placement were approximately $36.2 million, after deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for working capital, general corporate purposes, including the further development of our product candidates, and the procurement of inventory, specifically for robotic hardware. Rodman & Renshaw LLC (“ Rodman ”) acted as the Company’s exclusive placement agent in connection with the 2026 Private Placement. Pursuant to an engagement letter by and between the Company and Rodman, the Company paid Rodman an aggregate cash fee equal to 6.0% of the gross proceeds of the 2026 Private Placement and agreed to reimburse the Rodman for all reasonable out -of -pocket and non -accountable expenses of up to $100,000 in aggregate. New Product Launch — Dex Humanoid Robot October 28, 2025, we announced Dex, our next -generation humanoid robot. Built on the NVIDIA Jetson Thor platform, Dex integrates a comprehensive suite of advanced AI capabilities designed to transform the industrial workforce. With sophisticated perception and manipulation abilities, Dex can interact with and operate in real -world environments, enabling it to perform tasks once considered too complex to automate. Dex is expected to be deployment -ready for industrial applications by mid -2026 , and we anticipate that it will become a significant driver of the company’s future growth. R&D Collaboration Subsequent to September 30, 2025, we entered into a non -commercial technology collaboration agreement with Microsoft Corporation through the Microsoft AI Co -Innovation Lab to support the evaluation and development of certain artificial intelligence workflows. Subsequent Capital Raise — At-The -Market Offering Subsequent to September 30, 2025, we utilized our at -the -market offering program (the “ September ATM ”) to issue and sell an aggregate of 15,156,685 shares of Class B common stock, receiving aggregate gross proceeds of $71,622,886.31. A portion of such proceeds was generated through a direct sale of shares to a large institutional investor under the September ATM. We intend to use the proceeds to accelerate the build -out of our RaaS asset fleet. Charter Amendment On November 10, 2025, we filed the Articles of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, with the Nevada Secretary of State to effect an increase the number of shares of Class B common stock that we are authorized to issue from 200,000,000 to 1,000,000,000, effective upon filing. Corporate History and Structure We were originally founded as Richtech Creative Displays LLC in Nevada in July 2016, and we converted to Richtech Robotics Inc., a Nevada corporation, in June 2022. We completed our initial public offering on November 21, 2023, and shares of our Class B common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on November 17, 2023 under the symbol “RR.” To support our clients in optimizing the use of ADAM robots and enhancing the efficiency of their operations, we established a wholly -owned subsidiary, Alphamax Management LLC (“ Alphamax Management ”), in June 2024. Alphamax Management provides business management and operational services to help our clients better integrate robots into their workflow. On May 1, 2025, we established Richtech Holdings LLC (“ Richtech Holdings ”), a wholly owned subsidiary, to hold and manage real estate assets acquired by the Company. On August 20, 2025, we established Richtech Capital LLC (“ Richtech Capital ”), also a wholly owned subsidiary, to support the potential future scaling of our Robots -as - a-Service (“ RaaS ”) business by exploring and facilitating financial solutions that may enhance operational flexibility and capital efficiency. 2 Table of Contents Our Products and Services Beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, we reorganized our product portfolio and internal teams into three strat