Any investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, and all other information contained in this prospectus, before you decide whether to purchase our common stock. The occurrence of any of the following risk factors could harm our business.  You may lose part or all of your investment due to any of these risks or uncertainties. Risks Related to our Business Limited operating history Our limited operating history makes predictions of future operating results difficult to ascertain. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Such risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model and the management of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, expand our customer base, implement and successfully execute our business and marketing strategy, continually develop and upgrade our service offerings, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and our failure to do so can have a material, adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We have generated limited revenues from operations, which makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions based on those estimates of our future performance. As of March 31, 2013, we have generated only $11,484.75 in revenues since inception. As a consequence, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data.  Because of the related uncertainties, we may be hindered in our ability to anticipate and timely adapt to increases or decreases in sales of memberships, revenues or expenses.  If we make poor budgetary decisions as a result of unreliable data, we may never become profitable or incur losses, which may result in a decline in our stock price. There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure additional financing we may be unable to implement our business plan and grow our business. Our auditors have raised substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern because we have suffered from continuous losses with an accumulated deficit of $41,699 as of March 31, 2013.  The continuation of our business as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from our management.  There is uncertainty regarding our ability to implement our business plan and grow our business without additional financing. We have no agreements, commitments or understandings to secure additional financing. Our future growth and success is dependent upon our ability to continue selling our services, generate cash from operating activities and obtain additional financing. There is no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient cash from operations, sell additional shares of common stock or borrow additional funds. Our inability to obtain additional cash could have a material adverse affect on our ability to grow our business and implement our business plan. Industry Risks If we are unable to successfully compete with existing companies and new entrants to the market, this will have a negative impact on our business and financial condition and our ability to continue to generate revenues. We will compete with several domestic and international companies that offer a range of services related to integrative medicine and the provision of information and services related to natural and traditional health care through the Internet similar to our own or that compete in the same market. Some of our competitors have greater resources than we do, which may enable them to compete more effectively in this market. Our competitors may devote their resources to developing and marketing products or services that will directly compete with our services, and new, more efficient competitors may enter the market. If we are unable to successfully compete with existing companies and new entrants to the market, this will have a negative impact on our business and financial condition and our ability to continue to generate revenues. 9 Our targeted customer base is diverse and we face a challenge in adequately meeting each group’s needs. Because we will serve multiple types of customers from natural and traditional health care enthusiasts to individuals seeking alternatives to their current medical treatments, we must work constantly to understand the needs, standards and requirements of several different customer groups and may devote significant resources to developing services that will suit their interests. If we do not accurately predict our customers’ needs and expectations, we may expend valuable resources in developing services that do not achieve broad acceptance across the markets. Our success depends on adoption of our website and services by several communities, including natural and traditional health care enthusiasts, natural and traditional health care providers, as well as modern medical doctors, dieticians and patients seeking alternatives to their current health care regimens and if these communities do not adopt our services then our revenue will be severely limited. The major groups to whom we believe our products will appeal may not embrace our services. Acceptance of our services will depend on several factors, including: cost, ease of use, familiarity of use, convenience, timeliness, strategic partnerships, and perception of reliability and actual reliability. If we fail to adequately meet our customers’ needs and expectations, our services offerings may not be competitive and our ability to commence or continue generating revenues could be reduced. We also cannot be sure that our business model will gain wide acceptance among all targeted groups. If the market fails to continue to develop, or develops more slowly than we expect, our ability to commence or continue generating revenues could be reduced. Integrative medicine and the provision of information and services related to natural and traditional health care through the Internet is an emerging yet competitive industry and many of our competitors have greater resources that may enable them to compete more effectively. The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive, continually evolving and, in some cases, subject to rapid change. We face competition from numerous other companies, both in attracting users and in generating revenue from advertisers. We compete with online services and Web sites that provide health-related information, including both commercial sites and not-for-profit sites. Since there are no substantial barriers to entry into the markets in which we participate, we expect that competitors will continue to enter these markets. These competitors include more established companies like yahoo.com and msn.com that provide general-purpose consumer online services and portals and other high-traffic Web sites that include healthcare-related and non healthcare-related content and services. Our competitors also include more specialized providers of online services, tools and applications for healthcare consumers, such as WebMD, iVillage.com, DrKoop.com, drugs.com, eMedicine.com and Realage.com. We also face competition from governmental and non-profit sites, such as NIH.com and medline.com. Other competitors for advertising revenue include: • Publishers and distributors of traditional online media, including television and magazines targeted to consumers, as well as print journals and other specialized media targeted to healthcare professionals, many of which have established or may establish their own Web sites or partner with other Web sites; • Online medical conferences, CME programs and symposia; and • Vendors of healthcare information, products and services distributed through other means, including direct sales, mail and fax messaging. 10 Competitors for the attention of healthcare professionals and consumers seeking integrative medicine information include: • The competitors for advertisers described above; and • Public sector, non-profit and other Web sites, including some Web sites maintained by our clients, that provide healthcare information without advertising or sponsorships from third parties. Our website will also compete with various providers and vendors in the licensing of content and in the sale of decision-support services and personal health calculators. Our competitors in this market include: • Providers of decision-support tools, such as Hewitt Associates LLP and Subimo, LLC; • Wellness and disease management vendors, including the Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research and Staywell Productions/MediMedia USA, Inc.; • Suppliers of online health management applications, including HealthMedia, Health A-Z and Consumer Health Interactive; and • Health information services and health management offerings of health plans and their affiliates, including those of Humana, Aetna and United Healthcare. Many of our competitors have greater financial, technical, product development, marketing and other resources than we do. These organizations may be better known than we are and have more customers or users than we do. Many companies with business plans based on providing healthcare information through the Internet have failed to be profitable and some have filed for bankruptcy and/or ceased operations. We have earned limited income since inception and even if demand from users exists, we cannot assure you that our business will be profitable. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against these 