—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” Our commercial success will
also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. It is uncertain whether the issuance of any third-party patent would require us to alter our development or commercial strategies for our products or processes, or
to obtain licenses or cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights that we may require to develop or commercialize our future products may have an adverse impact on us. If third
parties prepare and file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the USPTO to determine priority of invention. For more
information, please see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” 224 Table of Contents Some of our pending patent applications in the United States are provisional patent applications.
Provisional patent applications are not eligible to become issued patents until, among other things, we file a non-provisional patent application within 12 months of filing of one or more of our related
provisional patent applications. If we do not timely file any non-provisional patent applications, we may lose our priority date with respect to our provisional patent applications and any patent protection on
the inventions disclosed in our provisional patent applications. While we intend to timely file non-provisional patent applications relating to our provisional patent applications, we cannot predict whether
any such patent applications will result in the issuance of patents that provide us with any competitive advantage. The term of individual patents
depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a nonprovisional patent application related to the patent.
However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country to country, and depends upon many factors, including the type of
patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country, and the validity and enforceability of the patent. A U.S. patent also may be accorded patent term
adjustment, or PTA, under certain circumstances to compensate for delays in obtaining the patent from the USPTO. In some instances, such a PTA may result in a U.S. patent term extending beyond 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application related to the U.S. patent. In addition, in the United States, the term of a U.S. patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be
eligible for patent term extension, which permits patent term restoration as compensation for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. Trademarks As of January 2021, our trademark
portfolio comprises more than 70 registered trademarks or active trademark applications worldwide. Such portfolio includes 20 registered foreign trademarks, 30 pending foreign trademark applications, 11 registered U.S. trademarks, and 9 pending U.S.
trademark applications, among which we have issued trademarks in the U.S. for “Recursion” and “Recursion Pharmaceuticals.” Trade Secrets In addition to our reliance on patent protection for our inventions, drug candidates and programs, we also rely on trade secrets, know-how, confidentiality agreements, and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. For example, some elements of manufacturing processes, proprietary assays, analytics
techniques and processes, knowledge gained through clinical experience such as approaches to dosing and administration and management of patients, as well as computational-biological algorithms, and related processes and software, are based on
unpatented trade secrets and know-how that are not publicly disclosed. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information and trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees,
advisors and consultants, these agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. In addition, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain
access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. As a result, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and
other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made
known to the individual or entity during the course of the party’s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of employees, the agreements provide that 225 Table of Contents all inventions conceived of by the individual during the course of employment, and which relate to or are reasonably capable or being used in our current or planned business or research and
development are our exclusive property. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our proprietary technology by third parties. However, such
agreements and policies may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for such breaches. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual
Property.” Government Regulation Government
authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping,
promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing, and export and import of drug and biological products. Generally, before a new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety, and
efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. U.S. Drug Development In the United States, the FDA
regulates drugs under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA. Drugs also are subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate
federal, state, local, and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable United States requirements at any time during the product development process,
approval process or post-market may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA’s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold,
untitled or warning letters, product recalls or market withdrawals, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, and civil or criminal
penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. • Our drug candidates are considered small molecule drugs and must be approved by the FDA through the new drug application,
or NDA, process before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The process generally involves the following: completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance
with good laboratory practice, or GLP; • submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug, or IND, application, which must become effective before human
clinical trials may begin; • approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, or ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each
trial may be initiated; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good
clinical practice, or GCP, requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish substantial evidence of the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; • submission to the FDA of an NDA; • a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to accept the filing for review; 226 Table of Contents • satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing
facility or facilities where the drug will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug’s identity, strength, quality and purity; • potential FDA audit of the preclinical study and/or clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA
filing; • FDA review and approval of the NDA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any
commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States; and • compliance with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and
Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, and the potential requirement to conduct post-approval studies. The data required to support an NDA
is generated in two distinct developmental stages: preclinical and clinical. The preclinical and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be cer