Summary of Risk Factors Below is a summary of the
principal factors that make an investment in our Common Stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that
we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under
the heading “Risk Factors” and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this prospectus and the
documents incorporated by reference herein before making an investment decision regarding our Common Stock. ● our ability to continue as a “going concern”; ● our short operating history; ● risk of loss associated with our Total Turn-Key Solution (“TTK
Solution”) Offerings; ● our ability to obtain additional financing; ● risks associated with strategic acquisitions; ● we have substantial debt and other financial obligations,
and we may incur even more debt; ● risk associated with potential future impairment charges; ● our concentration of customers; ● our reliance on a limited base of suppliers; ● risks associated with having clients operating in the cannabis
industry; ● the inability of our customers to meet their financial or
contractual obligations; ● changes in our credit profile with respect to suppliers; ● our reliance on third parties to provide services; ● no assurance that our backlog and qualified pipeline will
translate into bookings; ● our reliance on continued contributions of our CEO, Raymond
Chang; ● intense competition for our products and services; ● our ability to protect and defend against intellectual property
claims; ● our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual
property; ● assertion of intellectual property infringement claims; ● our ability to use net operating losses; ● our management and their affiliates control a substantial
interest in us; ● our outstanding loans may not be forgivable; ● the potential for a large number of shares eligible for public
sale could depress the market price of our Common Stock; ● our failure to regain compliance with the listing requirements
of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our Common Stock; ● the exercise of all or any number of outstanding warrants
or the issuance of stock-based awards may dilute your holding of shares of our Common Stock; 5 ● provisions in our charter documents and Nevada law may prevent
a change in control of our company; ● we are subject to reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies; ● risks associated with a shortage of raw materials; ● litigation that may adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations; ● a prolonged economic downturn; ● risks related to the employment market and wages; ● liquidity of our Common Stock; ● material weaknesses and ability to remediate them; ● data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology
and practices; ● any potential failure of our information technology systems
to perform adequately; ● evolving data privacy regulations and our ability to comply
with them; ● risks related to trading ability of our Common Stock if our
shares become subject to penny stock rules; ● the risk to our shareholders if we were to dissolve; ● risks related to analyst reports about us, our business or
our market, or recommendations relating to our stock; ● increased costs and demands upon management as a result of
being a public company; and ● inherent risks related to our financial and operational projections. Risks Relating to This Offering Issuances of our Common Stock to Ionic has caused and will continue
to cause substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and the price of our Common Stock to decline. We are registering for resale up to an aggregate
of 4,700,000 shares of Common Stock that may be issued to Ionic from time to time under the ELOC Purchase Agreement. We anticipate that shares issued to Ionic under
the ELOC Purchase Agreement will be issued and sold over a period of as long as the approximately 36-month term under the ELOC Purchase
Agreement. The number of shares ultimately sold to Ionic under this prospectus is dependent upon the number of shares we elect to sell
to Ionic under the ELOC Purchase Agreement. Depending on a variety of factors, including market liquidity of our Common Stock, the issuance
and sale of shares under the ELOC Purchase Agreement may cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline. We may ultimately issue and sell to Ionic all,
some or none of the 4,700,000 shares of Common Stock available under the ELOC Purchase Agreement that we are registering. Ionic may
sell all, some or none of our shares that it holds or comes to hold pursuant to sales under the ELOC Purchase Agreement. The issuance
and sale of shares by us to Ionic pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement will result in dilution to the interests of other holders of
our Common Stock. The sale of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock by Ionic in this offering, or anticipation of such sales,
could cause the trading price of our Common Stock to decline or make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities
in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise desire. 6 We may not have access to the full amount available under the
ELOC Purchase Agreement with Ionic. Under the ELOC Purchase Agreement, we will have
the right to direct Ionic to purchase shares of our Common Stock from time to time by presenting Ionic with a Purchase Notice directing
Ionic to purchase any amount between $250,000 and $750,000 per trading day, at a per share price equal to 93% (subject to decrease under
certain circumstances) of the lowest daily VWAP over a specified measurement period beginning after the delivery of the Purchase Notice. Although the ELOC Purchase Agreement provides that
we may sell up to $15,000,000 of our Common Stock to Ionic, depending on the market prices of our Common Stock, we may not be able to
nor desire to sell all of the shares contemplated by the ELOC Purchase Agreement. In addition, if the number of shares registered hereby
is insufficient to cover all of the shares we elect to sell to Ionic under the ELOC Purchase Agreement, we will be required to file one
or more additional registration statements to register such additional shares. The extent to which we rely on Ionic as a source
of funding will depend on a number of factors, including the prevailing market price of our Common Stock and the extent to which we are
able to secure working capital from other sources. Even if we sell a significant amount of shares under the ELOC Purchase Agreement to
Ionic, we may still need additional capital to fully implement our business, operating and development plans. Should the financing we require to sustain our working capital needs be unavailable
or prohibitively expensive when we require it, the consequences could be a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
financial condition and prospects. Ionic will pay less than the then-prevailing market price for
our Common Stock, which could cause the price of our Common Stock to decline. The purchase price of Common Stock sold to Ionic
under the ELOC Purchase Agreement is derived from the market price of our Common Stock. The shares to be sold to Ionic pursuant to the
ELOC Purchase Agreement will be purchased at a discounted price as described above. As a result of this pricing structure, Ionic may sell
the shares it receives immediately after receipt of the shares, which could cause the price of our Common Stock to decrease. These sales
may have a further impact on the price of our Common Stock. It is not possible to predict the actual number of shares we
will sell under the ELOC Purchase Agreement to the selling stockholder, or the actual gross proceeds resulting from those sales. Subject to certain limitations in the ELOC Purchase
Agreement and compliance with applicable law, we have the discretion to deliver notices to the selling stockholder at any time throughout
the term of the ELOC Purchase Agreement. The actual number of shares of Common Stock that are sold to the selling stockholder may depend
upon a number of factors, including the market price of the Common Stock during the sales period. Because the price per share of each
share sold to the selling stockholder will fluctuate during the sales period, it is not currently possible to predict the number of shares
that will be sold or the actual gross proceeds to be raised in connection with those sales. Shareholders who buy shares of our Common Stock at different
times will likely pay different prices. Shareholders who purchase shares of Common Stock
in this offering at different times will likely pay different prices, and so may experience different levels of dilution and different
outcomes in their investment results. Similarly, Ionic may sell such shares at different times and at different prices. Shareholders may
experience a decline in the value of the shares they purchase from the selling stockholder in this offering as a result of sales made
by us in future transactions to Ionic at prices lower than the prices they paid. 7 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a history of losses, expect to continue
to incur losses in the near term and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future, and as a result, our management has identified,
and our auditors agreed that there is a substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. Since inception, we have experienced recurring net losses
which losses caused an accumulated deficit of approximately $265.8 million as of December 31, 2023. These factors, among others, raise
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that 