Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with the
other information contained in this prospectus, before making your decision to invest in shares of our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business operations. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed in the risk factors below will not occur. These risks could have a material and adverse
impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If that were to happen, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business We service industries that are highly cyclical, and any downturn in our customers’ industries could reduce our sales and profitability. The economic downturn has reduced demand for our products and may continue to reduce demand
until an economic recovery. Many of our products are sold to industries that experience significant fluctuations in
demand based on economic conditions, energy prices, seasonality, consumer demand and other factors beyond our control. These industries include manufacturing, electrical products and transportation. We do not expect the cyclical nature of our
industry to change. The U.S. economy entered an economic recession in December 2007, which spread to many global markets in
2008 and 2009 and affected Ryerson and other metals service centers. In late 2008 and 2009, the metals industry, including Ryerson and other service centers, felt additional effects of the worsening recession and the impact of the credit market
disruption. These events contributed to a rapid decline in both demand for our products and pricing levels for those products. The Company has implemented or is taking a number of actions to conserve cash, reduce costs and strengthen its
competitiveness, including curtailing non-critical capital expenditures, initiating headcount reductions and reductions of certain employee benefits, among other actions. However, there can be no assurance that these actions, or any others that the
Company may take in response to further deterioration in economic and financial conditions, will be sufficient. The
global financial and banking crises have caused a lack of credit availability that has limited and may continue to limit the ability of our customers to purchase our products or to pay us in a timely manner. In climates of global financial and banking crises, such as those we are currently experiencing, the ability of our customers to maintain
credit availability has become more challenging. In particular, the financial viability of many of our customers is threatened, which may impact their ability to pay us amounts due, further affecting our financial condition and results of
operations. The metals distribution business is very competitive and increased competition could reduce our gross
margins and net income. The principal markets that we serve are highly competitive. The metals distribution industry
is fragmented and competitive, consisting of a large number of small companies and a few relatively large companies. Competition is based principally on price, service, quality, production capabilities, inventory availability and timely delivery.
Competition in the various markets in which we participate comes from companies of various sizes, some of which have greater financial resources than we have and some of which have more established brand names in the local markets served by us.
Increased competition could force us to lower our prices or to offer increased services at a higher cost, which could reduce our profitability. 15 Table of Contents The economic downturn has reduced metals prices. Though prices have recently started
rising, we cannot assure you that prices will continue to rise. Changing metals prices may have a significant impact on our liquidity, net sales, gross margins, operating income and net income. The metals industry as a whole is cyclical and, at times, pricing and availability of metal can be volatile due to numerous factors beyond
our control, including general domestic and international economic conditions, labor costs, sales levels, competition, levels of inventory held by other metals service centers, consolidation of metals producers, higher raw material costs for the
producers of metals, import duties and tariffs and currency exchange rates. This volatility can significantly affect the availability and cost of materials for us. We, like many other metals service centers, maintain substantial inventories of metal to accommodate the short lead times and just-in-time delivery requirements of our customers. Accordingly, we purchase
metals in an effort to maintain our inventory at levels that we believe to be appropriate to satisfy the anticipated needs of our customers based upon historic buying practices, contracts with customers and market conditions. When metals prices
decline, as they did in 2008 and 2009, customer demands for lower prices and our competitors’ responses to those demands could result in lower sale prices and, consequently, lower margins as we use existing metals inventory. Notwithstanding
recent price increases, metals prices may decline in 2010, and declines in those prices or further reductions in sales volumes could adversely impact our ability to maintain our liquidity and to remain in compliance with certain financial covenants
under the Ryerson Credit Facility, as well as result in us incurring inventory or goodwill impairment charges. Changing metals prices therefore could significantly impact our liquidity, net sales, gross margins, operating income and net income. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our financial position and prevent us from
fulfilling our obligations under our notes. We currently have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of
September 30, 2009, after giving effect to this offering and the application of net proceeds from this offering, our total indebtedness would have been approximately $             
million and we would have had approximately $              million of unused capacity under Ryerson’s Credit Facility. Our substantial indebtedness may: • make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal and interest payments on the notes and our other
indebtedness; • limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes; • limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general
corporate purposes; • require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service payments; • limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and • increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions. We may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of the Ryerson Credit Facility and the indenture
governing our notes restrict but do not prohibit us from doing so. If new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. The covenants in Ryerson’s Credit Facility and the indenture governing our notes and Ryerson’s notes impose, and covenants
contained in agreements governing indebtedness that we incur in the future may impose, restrictions that may limit our operating and financial flexibility. Ryerson’s Credit Facility and the indenture governing the notes contain a number of significant restrictions and covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries,
including Ryerson Inc., to: • incur additional debt; 16 Table of Contents • pay dividends on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock; • make certain investments or other restricted payments; • create liens or use assets as security in other transactions; • merge, consolidate or transfer or dispose of substantially all of our assets; and • engage in transactions with affiliates. Additionally, our future indebtedness may contain covenants more restrictive in certain respects than the restrictions contained in the Ryerson Credit Facility and the indenture governing the notes.
Operating results below current levels or other adverse factors, including a significant increase in interest rates, could result in our being unable to comply with financial covenants that are contained in the Ryerson Credit Facility or that may be
contained in any future indebtedness. If our indebtedness is in default for any reason, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, complying with these covenants may also
cause us to take actions that are not favorable to holders of the notes and may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy and compete against companies that are not subject to such restrictions. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our outstanding notes, the Ryerson
Credit Facility and our other outstanding indebtedness are expected to account for significant cash interest expenses. Accordingly, we will have to generate significant cash flows from operations to meet our debt service requirements. If we do not
generate sufficient cash flow to meet our debt service and working capital requirements, we may be required to se