Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. We have disclosed all known, material risks associated with an investment in
our common stock in the risk factors described below. If any of the risks described below actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. You should carefully consider all the information in this prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment decision. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our revenue is highly dependent on transaction volumes in the global travel industry, particularly air travel transaction volumes. Although for the year ended December 31, 2013, 94% and 84% of our Travel Network and Airline and Hospitality Solutions
revenue, respectively, was Recurring Revenue in that it is largely tied to travel suppliers’ transaction volumes rather than to their unit pricing for an airplane ticket, hotel room or other travel product (see “Method of
Calculation”), this revenue is generally not contractually committed to recur annually under our agreements with our travel suppliers. As a result, our revenue is highly dependent on the global travel industry, particularly air travel from
which we derive a substantial amount of our revenue, and directly correlates with global travel, tourism and transportation transaction volumes. For example, the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the most recent global economic downturn
and the U.S. government sequestration that began in 2013 significantly affected and may continue to affect travel volumes worldwide and had a significant impact on our business during the relevant reporting periods. Our revenue is therefore highly
susceptible to declines in or disruptions to leisure and business travel that may be caused by factors entirely out of our control, and therefore may not recur if these declines or disruptions occur. Various factors may cause temporary or sustained disruption to leisure and business travel. The impact such disruptions would have on our
business depends on the magnitude and duration of such disruption. These factors include, among others: • financial instability of travel suppliers and the impact of any fundamental corporate changes to such travel suppliers, such as airline bankruptcies or consolidations, on the cost and availability of travel content; • factors that affect demand for travel such as outbreaks of contagious diseases, including Ebola, increases in fuel prices, changing attitudes towards the environmental costs of travel and safety concerns; • inclement weather, natural or man-made disasters or political events like acts or threats of terrorism, hostilities and war; • factors that affect supply of travel such as changes to regulations governing airlines and the travel industry, like government sanctions that do or would prohibit doing business with certain state-owned travel suppliers, work stoppages or labor unrest at any of the major airlines, hotels or airports; and • general economic conditions. Our Travel Network business and our Airline and
Hospitality Solutions business depend on maintaining and renewing contracts with their customers and other counterparties . In our Travel Network business, we enter into participating carrier distribution and services agreements with airlines. Our contracts with
major carriers typically last for three to five year terms and are generally subject to automatic renewal at the end of the term, unless terminated by either party with the required advance notice. Our contracts with smaller airlines generally
last for one year and are also subject to automatic renewal at the end of the term, unless terminated by either party with the required advance notice. Airlines are not contractually obligated to distribute exclusively through our GDS during
the contract term and may terminate their agreements 27 with us upon providing the required advance notice after the expiration of the initial term. We renewed 24 out of 24 planned renewals in 2013 (representing approximately 25% of our Travel Network
revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2013). We renewed 28 out of 28 planned renewals in 2014 (representing approximately 22% of our Travel Network revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014). We have 38 planned renewals in
2015 (representing approximately 20% of our Travel Network revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014). Although we renewed 28 out of 28 planned renewals in 2014 (representing approximately 22% of Travel Network revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2014), we cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew our airline contracts in the future on favorable economic terms or at all. We also enter into contracts with travel buyers. Although most of our travel buyer contracts have terms of one to three years, we
typically have non-exclusive, five to ten year contracts with our major travel agency customers. We also typically have three to five year contracts with corporate travel departments, which generally
renew automatically unless terminated with the required advance notice. A meaningful portion of our travel buyer agreements, typically representing approximately 15% to 20% of our bookings, are up for renewal in any given year. We cannot
guarantee that we will be able to renew our travel buyer agreements in the future on favorable economic terms or at all. Similarly, our
Airline and Hospitality Solutions business is based on contracts with travel suppliers for a typical duration of three to seven years for airlines and one to five years for hotels. As of December 31, 2013, we had contracts with
approximately 225 airlines for the provision of one or more of our airline solutions. Airline reservations contracts representing less than 5% of Airline Solutions’ expected 2014 revenue are scheduled for renewal in 2015 and airline reservation
contracts representing approximately 2% of Airline Solutions expected 2014 revenue are scheduled for renewal in 2016. Airline reservations contracts representing approximately 9% of Airline Solutions’ expected 2014 revenue are scheduled for
renewal in 2017. Hospitality Solutions contract renewals are relatively evenly spaced, with approximately one-third of contracts representing approximately one-third of
Hospitality Solutions’ 2013 revenue coming up for renewal in any given year. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to renew our solutions contracts in the future on favorable economic terms or at all. Additionally, we use several third-party distributor partners and joint ventures to extend our GDS
services in APAC and EMEA. The termination of our contractual arrangements with any such third-party distributor partners and joint ventures could adversely impact our Travel Network business in the relevant
markets. See “Business—Our Businesses—Travel Network—Geographic Scope” and “—We rely on third-party distributor partners and joint ventures to extend our GDS services to
certain regions, which exposes us to risks associated with lack of direct management control and potential conflicts of interest” for more information on our relationships with our third-party distributor
partners and joint ventures. Our failure to renew some or all of these agreements on economically favorable terms or at all, or the early
termination of these existing contracts, would adversely affect the value of our Travel Network business as a marketplace due to our limited content and distribution reach, which could cause some of our subscribers to move to a competing GDS or use
other travel technology providers for the solutions we provide and would materially harm our business, reputation and brand. Our business therefore relies on our ability to renew our agreements with our travel buyers, travel suppliers, third-party distributor partners and joint ventures or developing relationships with new travel buyers and travel suppliers to offset any customer losses. We are subject to a certain degree of revenue concentration among a portion of our customer base. The five largest travel buyers of Travel
Network were responsible for bookings that represented approximately 32% of our Travel Network revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, and 32% and 36% of our Travel Network revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, respectively. Our top five Airline and Hospitality Solutions customers represented 24% of our Airline and Hospitality Solutions revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2014, and 22% and 20% of our Airline and Hospitality Solutions
revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Because of this concentration among a small number of customers, if an event were to adversely affect one of these customers, it would have a material impact on our business. 28 Our Travel Network business is exposed to pricing pressure from travel suppliers. Travel suppliers continue to look for ways to decrease their costs and to increase their control over distribution. For example,
the consolidation in the airline industry and the recent economic downturn, among other factors, have driven some airlines to negotiate for lower fees during contract renegotiations, thereby exerting increased pricing pressure on our Travel Network
business, which, in turn, negatively affects our revenues and margins. In addition, travel suppliers’ use of alternative distribution channels, such as direct distribution through supplier-operated websites, may also adversely affect our contract renegotiations with these suppliers and negatively impact our transaction fee revenue. For example, as we attempt to renegotiate new agreements with our travel suppliers, they may withhold some or all
of their content (fares and associated economic terms) for distribution ex