—Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure and the Tax Receivable Agreement.” The actual Basis Adjustments, as well as any amounts paid to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary
depending on a number of factors, including: • the timing of any subsequent redemptions or exchanges— for instance, the increase in any tax deductions will vary depending on the fair
value, which may fluctuate over time, of the depreciable or amortizable assets of Holdings at the time of each redemption or exchange or distribution (or deemed distribution); • the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of redemptions or exchanges —the Basis Adjustments, as well
as any related increase in any tax deductions, is directly related to the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of each redemption or exchange; • the extent to which such redemptions or exchanges are taxable— if a redemption or exchange is not taxable for any reason, the Basis
Adjustments, and any related increased tax deductions, will not be available; and • the amount and timing of our income— the Tax Receivable Agreement generally will require Solo Brands, Inc. to pay 85% of the tax benefits as
and when those benefits are treated as realized under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. Except as discussed below in cases of (i) a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement, (ii) a change of
control or (iii) an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, if Solo Brands, Inc. does not have taxable income, it will generally not be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for that taxable year because no tax
benefits will have been realized. However, any tax benefits that do not result in realized tax benefits in a given taxable year may generate tax attributes that may be utilized to generate tax benefits in previous or future taxable years. The
utilization of any such tax attributes generally will result in payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 159 Table of Contents For purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement, cash savings in income tax will be computed by
comparing Solo Brands, Inc.’s actual income tax liability (subject to certain assumptions relating to federal, state and local income taxes) to the amount of such taxes that it would have been required to pay had there been no Basis Adjustments
and had the Tax Receivable Agreement not been entered into. The Tax Receivable Agreement will generally apply to each of our taxable years, beginning with the first taxable year ending after the consummation of the offering. There is no maximum term
for the Tax Receivable Agreement; however, the Tax Receivable Agreement may be terminated by us pursuant to an early termination procedure that requires us to pay the Continuing LLC Owners an agreed upon amount equal to the estimated present value
of the remaining payments to be made under the agreement (calculated based on certain assumptions, including regarding tax rates and utilization of the Basis Adjustments). The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are obligations of Solo Brands, Inc. and not of Holdings. Although the actual timing and amount of any payments that may be made under the Tax
Receivable Agreement will vary, we expect that the payments that we may be required to make to the Continuing LLC Owners could be significant. Any payments made by us to the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally
reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us or to Holdings and, to the extent that we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, the unpaid amounts generally will be
deferred and will accrue interest until paid by us. Decisions made by us in the course of running our business, such as with respect to mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes in control, may influence the timing
and amount of payments that are received by the Continuing LLC Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For example, the earlier disposition of assets following a transaction that results in a Basis Adjustment will generally accelerate payments
under the Tax Receivable Agreement and increase the present value of such payments. We anticipate funding ordinary course payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement from distributions from Holdings out of distributable cash, to the extent permitted
by our agreements governing our indebtedness. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions— Holdings LLC Agreement.” The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that if (i) we materially breach any of our material obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement, (ii) certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of
business combination, or other changes of control were to occur or (iii) we elect an early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement, then our obligations, or our successor’s obligations, under the Tax Receivable Agreement would
accelerate and become payable based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. As a result of the foregoing, (i) we could be required to make cash payments to the Continuing LLC Owners that are greater than the
specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, and (ii) if we materially breach any of our material obligations under the Tax Receivable
Agreement or if we elect to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early, we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreement,
which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and
could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combination, or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under the Tax
Receivable Agreement. We may elect to completely terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early only with the written approval of a majority of our directors other than any directors that have been appointed or designated by the Continuing LLC Owners
or any of such person’s affiliates. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting
positions that we determine, and the IRS or another tax authority may challenge all or part of the Basis Adjustments, as well as other related tax positions we take, and a court could sustain any such challenge. We will not be reimbursed for any
cash payments previously made to the Continuing LLC Owners pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement if 160 Table of Contents any tax benefits initially claimed by us are subsequently challenged by a taxing authority and ultimately disallowed. Instead, in such circumstances, any excess cash payments made by us to the
Continuing LLC Owners will be netted against any future cash payments that we might otherwise be required to make under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. However, we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash payment
to the Continuing LLC Owners for a number of years following the initial time of such payment. As a result, it is possible that we could make cash payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantially greater than our actual cash tax
savings. Payments are generally due under the Tax Receivable Agreement within a specified period of time following the filing
of our tax return for the taxable year with respect to which the payment obligation arises, although interest on such payments will begin to accrue at a rate of LIBOR plus 100 basis points from the due date (without extensions) of such tax return
and ending on the date that such payments are required to be made under the terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement. Any late payments that may be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement will continue to accrue interest at LIBOR plus 500 basis points
from the due date of such payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement until such payments are made, including any late payments that we may subsequently make because we did not have enough available cash to satisfy our payment obligations at the
time at which they originally arose, including as a result of restrictions on payments to our equity owners in the agreements governing our indebtedness (although such payments are not considered late payments and therefore would accrue interest at
the lower interest if we make such payments promptly after such limitations are removed). Subject to certain exceptions as noted above, our failure to make any payment required under the Tax Receivable Agreement (including any accrued and unpaid
interest) within 90 calendar days of the date on which the payment is required to be made will constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement under certain circumstances, in which case, the Tax Receivable
Agreement will terminate and future payments thereunder will be accelerated, as noted above. Holdings LLC Agreement We will operate our business through Holdings and its subsidiaries. In connection with the completion of this offering, we and the
Continuing LLC Owners will enter into Holdings’s amended and restated limited liability company agreement, which we refer to as the “Holdings LLC Agreement.” The operations of Holdings, and the rights and obligations of the holders
of LLC Interests, will be set forth in the Holdings LLC Agreement. Appointment as Man