Investing in our Common Stock involves a high degree
of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following Risk Factors before deciding whether to invest in the Company. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business operations or our financial
condition. If any of the events discussed in the Risk Factors below occur, our business, consolidated financial condition, results of
operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the value and marketability of the Common Stock could
decline. Risks Related to our Business Because we lack the capital to acquire inventory
and market our products, we have generated no revenue since March 2025, making our ability to remain in operation more difficult, and
there are substantial doubts as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As reflected in this the financial statements contained
herein, we had $0 revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2025. In fact, we have not generated any revenue since March 2025.
In order to generate revenue, we require at least $2,000,000 of working capital in order to acquire inventory and re-commence minimal
operations. This does not include our plans for our Costa Rica water assets acquired in June 2025 (the “Water Assets”) or
Chispo tequila business plans which will require substantial additional capital. Specifically, management estimates needing approximately
$6 million to achieve short term goals and approximately $22 million to achieve the Company’s goals for the next 12 months with
respect to the Water Assets, which would include constructing a bottling facility at the location of the Water Assets in Costa Rica, and
other aspects of its business plan. Our lack of cash resources has prevented us from carrying on our commercialization activities. In
addition, our lack of working capital has prevented us from marketing our products. Further, even if we can access the necessary capital,
the Company must determine whether and what extent to invest such capital into various aspects of our business, including recommencing
sales of tequila products, operating the Qplash platform and developing an infrastructure and business around the extraction and sale
of water through our recently acquired extraction rights in Costa Rica, and we may be unsuccessful in developing and executing a business
plan in this regard. While we have made substantial improvements to our balance sheet earlier in 2025, unless we raise enough money to
not only pay our ongoing general and administrative expenses but also market our products and purchase inventory, we will not be able
to remain operational. Our auditors have included an explanatory paragraph
in their opinion regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to continue as a going concern, our stockholders
will lose all or some of their investments. Rose, Snyder & Jacobs LLP, our independent registered
public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, has included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion that accompanies
our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, indicating that our current liquidity position
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we are unable to improve our liquidity position, we may
not be able to continue as a going concern. This has continued as of the date of this Prospectus. We have sustained recurring losses and we have had
working capital and stockholders’ equity deficits. These prior losses and expected future losses have had, and will continue to
have, an adverse effect on our financial condition. In addition, continued operations and our ability to continue as a going concern may
be dependent on our ability to obtain additional financing in the near future and thereafter, and there are no assurances that such financing
will be available to us at all or will be available in sufficient amounts or on reasonable terms. Our financial statements do not include
any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to generate additional funds in the future through
sales of our products, financing or from other sources or transactions, we will exhaust our resources and will be unable to continue operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months. In order to continue and fund its operations, the
Company will be required to obtain additional resources through sales and issuances of indebtedness or equity to successfully execute
its business plans. No assurances can be given the Company will be successful in raising additional capital, if needed, or on acceptable
terms. Sales of Common Stock or Common Stock equivalents would have the effect of diluting existing stockholders. The issuance of debt
instruments and certain other securities generally are accompanied by restrictive covenants which would impose restrictions or limitations
on our ability to operate or engage in or raise capital through subsequent transactions. If we are unable to raise the necessary capital
on favorable terms, within the timeframes needed or at all, we could be forced to cease operations, and you could lose all or some of
your investment. 4 We have experienced recurring losses from operations
and negative cash flows from operating activities and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant operating losses before reaching
profitability. We have experienced recurring losses from operations
and negative cash flows from operating activities. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to our ongoing operations
and generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. The size of our losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future expenditures,
our ability to execute our business plan and our ability to generate revenues. We incurred a net loss of $23,756,551 million including
non-cash items and an accumulated deficit of $155,832,277 including non-cash items for the year ended December 31, 2024. We had a
net loss of $9,886,045 including non-cash items for the three months ended September 30, 2025 and an accumulated deficit of $178,284,467
as of September 30, 2025. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties,
complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our financial condition. Our prior losses and expected future
losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition. If our products do not achieve sufficient market
acceptance and we do not generate significant revenues, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future,
for which we can provide no assurance, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Our failure to become and remain
profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product
offerings or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our Company could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Our strategic initiatives
including acquisitions and divestitures may not be successful and may divert our management’s attention away from operations and
could create general customer uncertainty. We have begun to explore
strategic alternatives to our beverage business. Our growth strategy is based in part on growth through strategic initiatives including
both acquisitions and divestitures of brands and assets, which poses a number of risks. We may not be successful in identifying appropriate
acquisition candidates, achieving targeted values as part of a disposition, consummating an acquisition or divestiture on satisfactory
terms, integrating any newly acquired or expanded business with our current operations, or separating a divested business or commingled
operation effectively. We may issue additional equity, incur long-term or short-term indebtedness, spend cash or use a combination of
these for all or part of the consideration paid in future acquisitions or expansion of our operations, which may not be available to us
on terms we find advantageous or acceptable, if at all. In addition, subject to any requirements in the agreements governing our outstanding
indebtedness, we may have significant discretion in how we employ the consideration received in a divestiture and our management may not
apply such consideration in a way that is ultimately accretive to our business. The execution of our strategic
initiatives will likely entail incurring goodwill assets or repositioning or similar actions that in turn require us to record impairments,
restructuring and other charges. Any such charges would result in additional expense. We cannot guarantee that any future business acquisitions
or divestitures will be pursued or that any acquisitions or divestitures that are pursued will be consummated. Additionally, any acquisition
or disposition (including the successful integration and separation of operations, products and personnel) may place a significant burden
on our management and other internal resources. The diversion of management’s attention, and any difficulties encountered in such
a process, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Failure to successfully integrate acquired assets
or businesses, or if integrated, failure to further the Company’s business strategy, may result in the Company’s inability
to realize any benefit from such acquisition or other adverse consequences. In June 2025 we acquired the Water Assets in Costa
Rica in exchange for 20,000 shares of a newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series C”) having a stated
value of $20 million. Unidentified liabilities or other issues may arise with respect to the Water Assets, which could exp