” beginning on page 18. 42 Table of Contents HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING Although we cannot determine what the actual net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock in the offering will be until the
offering is completed, we anticipate that the net proceeds will be between $6.4 million and $9.3 million, or $10.9 million if the offering range is increased by 15%. We intend to distribute the net proceeds as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of 807,500 shares 950,000 shares 1,092,500 shares 1,256,375 shares (1) Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars in thousands) Offering proceeds $ 8,075 $ 9,500 $ 10,925 $ 12,564 Less offering expenses (1,650 ) (1,650 ) (1,650 ) (1,650 ) Net offering proceeds (2) $ 6,425 100.0 % $ 7,850 100.0 % $ 9,275 100.0 % $ 10,914 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: To Security Bank $ 5,461 85.0 % $ 6,673 85.0 % $ 7,884 85.0 % $ 9,277 85.0 % To fund loan to employee stock ownership plan $ 565 8.8 % $ 665 8.8 % $ 765 8.2 % $ 879 8.1 % Retained by Security Midwest Bancorp $ 399 6.2 % $ 513 6.5 % $ 626 6.8 % $ 758 6.9 % (1) As adjusted to give effect to an increase in the number of shares, which could occur due to a 15% increase in
the offering range to reflect demand for the shares or changes in market conditions following the commencement of the offering. (2) Assumes that all shares of common stock are sold in the subscription and community offerings. Payments for shares of common stock made through withdrawals from existing deposit accounts will not result in the
receipt of new funds for investment but will result in a reduction of Security Bank’s deposits. The net proceeds may vary because total expenses relating to the offering may be more or less than our estimates. For example, our expenses would
increase if a syndicated offering were used to sell shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription and community offerings. Security Midwest Bancorp intends to fund a loan to the employee stock ownership plan to purchase shares of common stock in the stock offering.
Security Midwest Bancorp may also use the proceeds it retains from the offering: • to invest in short-term securities and other securities consistent with our investment policy; • to repurchase shares of our common stock subject to compliance with applicable regulatory requirements; • to pay cash dividends to our stockholders subject to compliance with applicable regulatory requirements, although
we do not initially intend to pay cash dividends; and • for other general corporate purposes. With the exception of the funding of the loan to the employee stock ownership plan, Security Midwest Bancorp has not quantified its plans for
use of the net offering proceeds for each of the foregoing purposes. Initially, we may invest a substantial portion of the remaining net proceeds in investment grade securities, including U.S. Treasury securities, and securities and obligations of
U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. We may also invest the proceeds in one or more deposit accounts. 43 Table of Contents See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion of our expected dividend policy
following the completion of the conversion. Under applicable federal regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of the conversion, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and
with prior regulatory approval, or except to fund management recognition plans (which would require notification to the Federal Reserve Board) or tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans. Security Bank will receive a capital contribution equal to at least 85% of the net proceeds of the offering. We anticipate that Security
Midwest Bancorp will invest $5.5 million, $6.7 million, $7.9 million and $9.3 million, respectively, of the net proceeds in Security Bank at the minimum, midpoint, maximum and adjusted maximum of the offering range. Security Bank
may use the net proceeds it receives from the stock offering: • to pay costs associated with its planned withdrawal from the multiple-employer defined benefit pension plan in
which it participates; • to fund primarily commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans; • to enhance existing products and services and to support the development of new products and services; • to invest in securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government sponsored enterprises, U.S.
Treasury securities and other securities in accordance with our investment policy; and • for other general corporate purposes. Security Bank has not quantified its plans for use of the offering proceeds for each of the foregoing purposes. Initially, a portion of the
net proceeds may be invested in securities issued by U.S. government agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises and U.S. Treasury securities. We estimate that withdrawing from the plan would result in a $1.8 million pre-tax charge to
operations, a $1.3 million decrease in equity, a $1.3 million decrease in regulatory capital and annual pre-tax cost savings of $156,000 ($112,000 after-tax cost savings) based on the annualized funding costs for the six months ended June 30, 2024. However, the timing of the withdrawal from the plan will depend on our post conversion capital levels and needs, our evaluation of future interest rates
and annuity cost trends, and the estimated cost to withdraw from the plan, as it may change from time to time. The use of the proceeds
outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, the attractiveness of opportunities to expand our operations,
our ability to receive regulatory approval for any such expansion activities, and overall market conditions. We expect our return on
equity to decrease as compared to our performance in recent years, until we are able to reinvest effectively the additional capital raised in the stock offering. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Offering—We have broad discretion
in using the proceeds of the stock offering. Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds of the offering may have an adverse effect on our financial performance and the value of our common stock.” 44 Table of Contents OUR DIVIDEND POLICY Following completion of the stock offering, our board of directors will have the authority to declare dividends on our shares of common stock,
subject to statutory and regulatory requirements. However, we do not initially intend to pay cash dividends on our shares of common stock. In determining whether to pay a cash dividend and the amount of such cash dividend, the board of directors is
expected to consider a number of factors, including capital requirements, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations, general economic conditions and whether retaining and
investing the capital will provide our stockholders with a better overall return than paying a dividend. We cannot assure you that we will pay any dividends or that, if paid, they will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. Special cash
dividends, stock dividends or returns of capital, to the extent permitted by applicable law, regulations and policy, may be paid in addition to, or in lieu of, regular cash dividends. We will file a consolidated federal tax return with Security Bank. Accordingly, it is anticipated that any cash distributions that we make to
our stockholders would be treated as cash dividends and taxable for federal and state income tax purposes. Additionally, pursuant to bank regulations, during the three-year period following the stock offering, we will not take any action to declare
an extraordinary dividend to stockholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free return of capital for federal income tax purposes. Pursuant to our articles of incorporation, we are authorized to issue preferred stock. If we issue preferred stock, the holders thereof may
have a priority over the holders of our shares of common stock with respect to the payment of dividends. For a further discussion concerning the payment of dividends on our shares of common stock, see “Description of Capital Stock of Security
Midwest Bancorp, Inc.—Common Stock.” Dividends we can declare and pay will depend, in part, upon receipt of dividends from Security Bank, because initially we will have no source of income other than dividends from Security Bank and
earnings from the investment of the net proceeds retained by Security Midwest Bancorp from the sale of shares of common stock in the offering, and interest payments received in connection with the loan to the employee stock ownership plan.
Regulations of the Illinois Division of Banking impose limitations on capital distributions by savings institutions. See “Regulation and Supervision—Illinois Bank Regulation—Dividend Restrictions.” Any dividends paid by Security Bank to Security Midwest Bancorp, Inc. that would be deemed to be drawn from Security Bank’s bad debt
reserves, if any, would be taxable at the then-current tax rate applicable to Security Bank on the amount of earnings deemed to be removed from the bad debt reserves for such distribution. Security Bank does not intend to make any distribution to
Security Midwest Bancorp, Inc. that would create such a federal tax liability. See “Taxation.” 45 Table of Contents MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK Security Midwest Bancorp is a newly formed company and has never issued capital stock. Security Bank, as a mutual institution, has never
issued capital stock. Security Midwest Bancorp expects that that its common stock will be quoted on the OTCQB Market operated by OTC Markets Group. Quotation on the OTCQB Market is not a conditi