”. If we are unable to comply with the continued listing requirements of the NYSE American, including our trading price per share of our common stock increasing and satisfying the obligations set forth in the Deficiency Letter with respect to our stockholders ’ equity being below the NYSE American ’ s minimum level, then our common stock will be delisted from the NYSE American. Our common stock is currently listed on the NYSE American. If we are unable to comply with the continued listing requirements of the NYSE American, our common stock will be delisted from the NYSE American, which will limit investors’ ability to effect transactions in our common stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions. In order to maintain our listing, we must maintain certain share prices for our common stock, financial and share distribution targets, including maintaining a minimum amount of stockholders’ equity and a minimum number of public stockholders. In addition to these objective standards, NYSE American may delist the securities of any issuer for other reasons involving the judgment of NYSE American. Our common stock was trading on the NYSE American under $0.20 per share for most of 2024, and under $0.10 per share for part of 2024, which 2024 per share prices do not give effect to the recently completed 2024 reverse stock split. Due to our common stock trading at low prices over a period of time, the NYSE American has the discretion to (i) immediately delist our common stock if the price of our common stock declines below certain threshold amounts or (ii) issue a deficiency letter to us relating to the low trading price of our common stock. On May 30, 2024, we effected the 2024 reverse stock split, and, as of June 20, 2024, the closing price of our common stock was $2.28 per share. Even with our common stock trading at higher prices after the 2024 reverse stock split, the per share trading price may decrease due to factors that may adversely affect the per share trading price of our common stock. As a result, there is no assurance that the per share trading price of our common stock will not decrease in the future. In addition, on April 18, 2024, we received a letter from the NYSE American, or the Deficiency Letter, notifying us that our stockholders’ equity as of December 31, 2023 was below the minimum requirements of Sections 1003(a)(ii) and 1003(iii) of the Company Guide requiring stockholders’ equity requiring $4.0 million or more if a company has reported losses from continuing operations and/or net losses in three of the four most recent fiscal years and $6.0 million or more if a company has reported losses from continuing operations and/or net losses in its five most recent fiscal years, respectively. Thereafter, on May 28, 2024, we received a further notification from the NYSE American, stating that our stockholders’ equity as of March 31, 2024 was not in compliance with Section 1003(a)(i) of the NYSE American Company Guide requiring $2.0 million or more if the Company has reported losses from continuing operations and/or net losses in two of the three most recent fiscal years. As of March 31, 2024, we had stockholders’ equity of $160 thousand. Pursuant to the Deficiency Letter, we have become subject to the procedures and requirements of Section 1009 of the Company Guide and submitted a plan of compliance addressing how we intend to regain compliance with Sections 1003(a)(ii) and 1003(a)(iii) of the Company Guide by October 18, 2025. On June 4, 2024, the Company received notice from NYSE American that it had accepted the Company’s plan of compliance and granted a plan period through October 18, 2025. During the plan period, the Company will be subject to quarterly monitoring for compliance with the plan. If the Company does not regain compliance with NYSE American’s listing standards by October 18, 2025, or if the Company does not make progress consistent with its plan, then NYSE American may initiate delisting procedures. If our common stock is delisted from the NYSE American, then we could face significant and material adverse consequences as a result and our investors will experience limitations upon their ability to effect transactions in our common stock. If the NYSE American delists our common stock from trading on its exchange, including if such delisting were to occur immediately without being able to submit a compliance plan or appeal such delisting, and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange (though we expect the common stock would qualify to be quoted on an over-the-counter market), we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: • a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • reduced liquidity for our securities; • substantial impairment on our ability to raise additional funds; 20 • result in a loss of institutional investor interest and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; • a determination that our common stock is a “penny stock,” which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; • a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; • an event of default will occur under the terms of our Secured Convertible Notes, which, if not waived by the holders, such Secured Convertible Notes will be payable by us; and • potential breaches of representations or covenants of our agreements pursuant to which we made representations or covenants relating to our compliance with applicable listing requirements, which, regardless of merit, could result in costly litigation, significant liabilities and diversion of our management’s time and attention and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business and results of operations. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our common stock is listed on the NYSE American, our common stock qualifies as a covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. If we were no longer listed on the NYSE American, our common stock would not be a covered security and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our common stock and other Company securities. We may issue additional shares of our common stock, other series or classes of preferred stock or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interests and may depress the market price of your shares. We may issue additional shares of our common stock, other series or classes of preferred stock, units, warrants or other equity securities of equal or senior rank in the future in order to fund our operations, provide working capital and for other purposes, including in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions, repayment of outstanding indebtedness, repricing of warrants or other outstanding securities or pursuant to our 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. These issuances of additional equity securities may occur without stockholder approval. Our issuance of additional shares of our common stock, preferred stock or other equity securities of equal or senior rank could have the following effects: • your proportionate ownership interest in NovaBay will decrease; • the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share of common stock may be diminished; and/or • the market price of your shares of common stock may decline. We may require additional capital funding that may not be available to us or, if received, may not be available to us on favorable terms, which may impair the value of our common stock and Series B Preferred Stock. If our working capital needs exceed our current expectations, or we expand more rapidly than currently anticipated, we may need to raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings or debt financings. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors including our cash position, revenue and our overall operating expenses. We do not know whether additional financing will be available when needed or will be available on terms favorable to us. If we cannot raise needed funds on acceptable terms, we may not be able to develop new products or enhance our existing products, be able to fully fund the commercialization and sale of our products, take advantage of future opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, such as the securities in this offering, our stockholders may experience substantial