—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property” in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020, which is incorporated by reference herein,
for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property. Our strategy is to file patent applications directed
to our key software and our key programs in an effort to secure our intellectual property positions vis-a-vis this software and these programs. The patent portfolio for
our software business includes at least 12 published patent families. As of July 22, 2020, we owned or held exclusive license rights to approximately 60 patents and patent applications, including at least eight issued or allowed U.S. cases, six
pending U.S. non-provisional patent applications, ten issued or allowed non-U.S. cases, including six granted European patents which have been validated among multiple
individual European Patent Convention nations and four non-European patents, and eleven pending foreign patent applications relating to our computational platform. While we believe that the specific and
generic claims contained in our wholly-owned and licensed pending U.S. and non-U.S. applications provide protection for various aspects of our computational platform, third parties may nevertheless challenge
such claims. Any patents that are issued or that may issue from these families are expected to expire between 2026 and 2038, absent any adjustments or extensions. As of July 22, 2020, there were no published patent families related to our
internal drug discovery business, and although several of our drug discovery collaborators have filed patent applications related to our collaborations that include employees of ours as inventors, including over 100 compound patents and patent
applications since 2010, we do not own any intellectual property rights related to these inventions. As of July 22, 2020, seven wholly-owned provisional applications have been filed. 56 Table of Contents Prosecution is a lengthy process, during which the scope of the claims initially submitted
for examination by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may be significantly narrowed before issuance, if issued at all. We expect this may be the case with respect to some of our pending patent applications. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in
which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application, absent any adjustments or extensions. In addition, in the United States, the term of a patent covering an FDA-approved drug may, in certain
cases, be eligible for a patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 as compensation for the loss of patent term during the FDA regulatory review process. The period of extension may be up to five
years, but cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval. Only one patent among those eligible for an extension and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a
method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and in certain other jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. It is possible that issued U.S. patents we may obtain in the
future may be entitled to patent term extensions. If our use of product candidates or the product candidate itself receive FDA approval, we intend to apply for patent term extensions, if available, to extend the term of patents that cover the
approved use or product candidate. We also intend to seek patent term extensions in any jurisdictions where available, however, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA, will agree with our assessment of whether such
extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. In addition to patent protection, as of July 22,
2020, we had approximately 40 copyright registrations covering our proprietary software code, and we rely upon unpatented trade secrets and confidential know-how and continuing technological innovation to
develop and maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets and confidential know-how are difficult to protect. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality
agreements with any collaborators, scientific advisors, service providers, employees, and consultants and invention assignment agreements with our employees. We also have agreements requiring assignment of inventions with selected consultants,
scientific advisors, and collaborators. These agreements may not provide meaningful protection. These agreements may also be breached, and we may not have an adequate remedy for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets and/or confidential know-how may become known or be independently developed by a third party, or misused by any collaborator to whom we disclose such information. Despite any measures taken to protect our intellectual property,
unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain or use information that we regard as proprietary. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information, third parties may independently develop the same or
similar proprietary information or may otherwise gain access to our proprietary information. As a result, we may be unable to meaningfully protect our trade secrets and proprietary information. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our
Intellectual Property” in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020, which is incorporated by reference herein, for a more comprehensive description of risks
related to our intellectual property. We also own numerous trademarks registered in the United States and foreign jurisdictions,
including “Schrödinger” and “LiveDesign”. We pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe doing so would be beneficial to our competitive position. Sales and Marketing Software
Business We commercialize our software solutions in various jurisdictions around the world through our software sales
organization. We have sales operations in the United States, Europe, Japan, and India, and we also have established distribution channels in other important markets, including China and South Korea. These efforts are 57 Table of Contents led by our approximately 130 person global team of sales, technical, and scientific personnel. Our marketing strategy leverages our strong base of scientific publications to support the continued
growth of our computational platform into computational chemistry markets across industries and academia worldwide. Drug Discovery
Business We have not established a commercial organization or developed distribution capabilities given the current stage of
development of our internal, wholly-owned drug discovery programs. We plan to enter into agreements with biopharmaceutical companies that contribute to our ability to efficiently advance development candidates that we discover internally using our
computational platform through to commercialization. We expect to utilize a variety of types of collaboration, distribution, and other arrangements with one or more of these third parties to develop and ultimately commercialize our development
candidates. Over time, we may also create a commercial organization for drug product sales if and as we advance the development of any product candidates that we determine to commercialize ourselves. Manufacturing We do not own or operate
manufacturing facilities for the production of any product candidates, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations. We expect to rely on third-party contract manufacturers for all of our required raw materials, drug substance,
and finished drug product for the preclinical and clinical development of any development candidates we develop ourselves. Government Regulation and
Product Approvals Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and
jurisdictions, including the European Union, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, pricing, reimbursement, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising,
promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of biopharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining marketing approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along
with compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Approval and Regulation of Drugs in the United States In the United States, drug products are approved and regulated under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and applicable
implementing regulations and guidance. The failure of an applicant to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, including non-clinical testing,
clinical testing, the approval process or post-approval process, may result in delays to the conduct of a study, regulatory review and approval, and/or administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions may include, but are not limited to, the
FDA’s refusal to allow an applicant to proceed with clinical trials, refusal to approve pending applications, license suspension or revocation, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters and other
types of letters, adverse publicity, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits or civil and criminal
investig