, and accelerate discovery of molecular mechanisms of health and disease. We believe these capabilities will broadly appeal to researchers and entities undertaking large-scale genomics studies. Therefore, we believe we will attract spending from the genomics market, estimated by Technavio to be $21 billion in 2019. In addition to the markets and applications that apply to current proteomics and genomics researchers, we believe our Proteograph is likely to lead to entirely new applications and market opportunities, much like NGS has done in genomics over the last fifteen years. 86 Table of Contents We plan to initially focus on research applications for our Proteograph Product Suite and will sell and market our Proteograph for research use only (RUO). We plan to commercialize our Proteograph utilizing a three phase plan that has been shown to be effective and optimal for introducing disruptive products in numerous life sciences technology markets, including NGS. We are currently in the first phase, during which we will collaborate with a small number of key opinion leaders in proteomics, whose assessment and validation of products can significantly influence other researchers in their respective markets. Our first Proteograph was delivered to one of our first collaborators in October 2020, and we delivered a second Proteograph to a collaborator in December 2020. In consideration of our initial collaborators’ significant contributions to the development of our Proteograph Product Suite, including providing us with helpful data and feedback on our Proteograph, we have offered our early collaborators a special discount program for consumables that is not reflective of our expected commercial pricing. Additionally, we have provided these early collaborators with the ability to purchase our Proteograph automation instrument at a discount following the completion of the first phase of our commercialization plan. During the second phase, early access limited release, which we expect to commence in 2021, we plan to sell our Proteograph to select sites performing large-scale proteomics or genomics research. We will work closely with these sites, which we expect will serve as models for the rest of the market, to exemplify applications that demonstrate the unique value proposition of our Proteograph. We expect this phase to continue through 2021 and lead into the third phase of commercialization, broad commercial availability, in early 2022. During the second and third phases, we expect to sell our Proteograph at list prices though we may offer volume-based discounts on consumables, consistent with industry practice. We believe by following this approach we can appropriately scale our operations, deliver exceptional customer experiences, foster publications and develop a robust pipeline of customers to drive our revenue growth. The Importance of Proteomics Proteomics has been a key area of focus for researchers given the utility of the detailed and complex information to understanding biology that resides at the protein level. Virtually every function within a living organism occurs by the action of a protein or a group of proteins interacting with each other and working in concert. For example, enzymes catalyze chemical and biochemical reactions, hormones regulate cellular processes, receptors facilitate signal detection, antibodies provide immunity, and proteins also function in cellular and sub-cellular structure, storage, motility, and transport processes. Proteins are dynamic indicators of status and can be used to track a person’s health, disease progression and therapeutic response. By contrast, DNA is effectively a blueprint of what a person’s physiology could be, not an indicator of current physiological state. In short, DNA represents risk and proteins represent status. Despite the impact that proteins have on biology and physiology, the human proteome is relatively unexplored compared to the human genome. While the understanding of biology and disease mechanisms has advanced significantly over the past decade through large-scale data collection technologies, we believe these advances have mainly been in genomics. The widespread adoption of molecular profiling techniques, including NGS, has led to the identification of approximately 695 million genetic variations across all genomes that have been sequenced. Although this information has significantly improved the understanding of biology, the functional context at the protein level has not been established for the vast majority of this genomics information. In other words, researchers have not been able to connect phenotypic information with the relevant genotypic information. We believe that if we enable researchers to generate large bodies of proteomic data, to couple with large bodies of genomic data, they will be better positioned to understand the relationship between variation and function and its impact on biology. 87 Table of Contents Challenges of Accessing the Proteome The human proteome is dynamic and far more complex and diverse in structure, composition and number of variants than either the genome or transcriptome. Starting from the genome, there are multiple biological steps that take place to arrive at the proteome, each step driving increasing complexity and diversity. The human genome of approximately 20,000 genes is estimated to give rise to 1,000,000 or more protein variants, in part because a single gene produces distinct ribonucleic acid (RNA) isoforms through the process of transcription and a myriad of structurally distinct proteins through the process of translation. Biological processes can further chemically modify these proteins in unique ways, resulting in a large number of protein variants through post-translational modifications. Overall, these processes result in many levels of protein diversity, from amino acid sequence and structural variations, to post-translational modifications (PTMs), to functional changes due to interactions between the proteins themselves, known as protein-protein interactions (PPIs). In addition, all of these forms of diversity can differ between states of health and disease. We believe the fundamental challenge with existing proteomics methods is their inability to measure the breadth and depth of the proteome’s complexity, rapidly and at scale. Image from Isabell Bludau et al. Proteomic and interactomic insights into the molecular basis of cell functional diversity. Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology (2020). 88 Table of Contents Limitations of Biased Approaches to Proteomics Unlike DNA, proteins’ structures, chemistries and concentrations in any given sample are widely variable. Proteins also lack a direct amplification mechanism which creates technological challenges for identifying proteins at low concentration. This is different than DNA, which has an inherent and direct amplification mechanism for its replication, a mechanism that researchers have exploited with technologies such as polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for detection of DNA at low concentrations. Given the diversity of protein structures, coupled with the lack of a common amplification mechanism, researchers often use analyte-specific reagents (ASRs) to measure proteins. ASRs are ligands, such as antibodies, that have been designed to bind to specific areas of proteins, and therefore, involve a targeted or biased approach. This biased approach is limited in that ASRs do not have the capability to interrogate the entirety of the protein structure that they bind to and may not detect the presence of important protein variants. The average length of a human protein is approximately 470 amino acids, whereas the average binding site of an ASR is an epitope with a length of five to eight amino acids. ASRs cannot recognize differences between proteins outside of this small epitope binding site and therefore may not differentiate among protein variants. While a large number of ASRs can be designed to detect a large number of different proteins, because this approach is limited in its ability to measure protein variation, we believe that ASRs and other biased approaches are not optimal for discovery given the inherent protein complexity. This limitation of biased approaches is illustrated in the figure below where an antibody is unable to differentiate between two distinct variants of the same protein. If such variants are differentially related to health and disease, such approach may fail to discover important insights. Biased approaches, in general, are useful when the scientist or clinician knows what he or she is specifically analyzing. This is analogous to the role of PCR in genomics, which amplifies a specific DNA fragment in a targeted or biased manner to confirm the presence of a specific mutation, whereas NGS employs an unbiased approach to interrogate the breadth of the genome. Limitations of Current Unbiased Approaches to Proteomics Rather than interrogating proteins at the amino acid level, there are unbiased approaches that interrogate proteins at the peptide level, providing amino-acid level resolution to protein variants. However, current unbiased approaches are limited by lack of scalability due to the vastly different concentrations of different proteins in samples. The concentration of proteins in plasma, for example, can span ten orders of magnitude from the most abundant protein, which is albumin, to some of the least abundant proteins, such as cytokines. The top 22 most abundant proteins account for approximately 99% of the total protein mass in the plasma, yet the many thousands of less abundant proteins comprising the other one percent of the total proteins by mass have significant impact on 89 Table of Contents biology. Therefore, it is critical to be able to broadly and deeply detect proteins across the proteome, including those proteins that appear in low concentrations in plasma. Mass spectrometry (MS) can be used 