—Risks Related to this Offering and Our Class A Common Stock—In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or
significantly exceed the actual benefits, if any, we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement." For additional information regarding the Tax Receivable
Agreement, see "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Tax Receivable Agreement." 73 Table of Contents Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure of Market Risks Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. Currently, our market risks relate to potential changes
in the fair value of our long-term debt due to fluctuations in applicable market interest rates. Going forward our market risk exposure generally will be limited to those risks that arise in the
normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative, non-operating transactions, nor do we utilize financial instruments or derivative instruments for trading purposes. Commodity Price Risk The market for our services is indirectly exposed to fluctuations in the prices of crude oil and natural gas to the extent such fluctuations
impact drilling and completion activity levels and thus impact the activity levels of our customers in the exploration and production and oilfield services industries. We do not currently intend to
hedge our indirect exposure to commodity price risk. Interest Rate Risk We are subject to interest rate risk on a portion of our long-term debt under the Amended Credit Facility. We do not currently have any
borrowings under our Credit Facility. Credit Risk The majority of our accounts receivable have payment terms of 60 days or less. As of September 30, 2017, two customers accounted
for 25% and 21% of our total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2016, one customer accounted for 23% of our total accounts receivable. We mitigate the associated credit risk by performing
credit evaluations and monitoring the payment patterns of our customers. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements requires the use of judgments and estimates. Our critical accounting policies are described below to
provide a better understanding of how we develop our assumptions and judgments about future events and related estimates and how they can impact our financial statements. A critical accounting
estimate is one that requires our most difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments and is fundamental to our results of operations. We
base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable according to the current facts and circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We believe the following are the critical accounting policies used
in the preparation of our combined financial statements, as well as the significant estimates and judgments affecting the application of these policies. This discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. Revenue Recognition We currently generate revenue primarily through the rental of our systems and related services, including transportation of our systems and
field supervision and support. The system rentals and provision of related services are performed under a variety of contract structures, primarily master service agreements as supplemented by
individual work orders detailing statements of work, pricing agreements and specific quotes. The master service agreements generally establish terms and conditions for the provision of our systems and
service on a well site, indemnification, damages, confidentiality, intellectual property protection and payment terms and provisions. The services are generally priced 74 Table of Contents based
on prevailing market conditions at the time the services are provided, giving consideration to the specific requirements and activity levels of the customer. All
revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is complete, the amount is determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Revenue is
recognized as services are performed. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable consists of trade receivables recorded at the invoice amount, plus accrued revenue that is earned, but not yet billed less
an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts (if any). Accounts receivable are generally due within 60 days or less, or in accordance with terms agreed with customers, and are stated at amounts
due from customers net of any allowance for doubtful accounts. We consider accounts outstanding longer than the payment terms past due. We determine the allowance by considering a number of factors,
including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due, previous loss history, the customer's current ability to pay its obligation, and the condition of the general economy and the
industry as a whole. Accounts receivable are written off when they are deemed uncollectible, and payments subsequently received on such receivables are credited to the allowance for doubtful accounts.
However, it is reasonably possible that the estimates of the allowance for doubtful accounts will change and that losses ultimately incurred could differ materially from the amounts estimated in
determining the allowance. As of September 30, 2017 we had no allowance for doubtful accounts. Inventories Inventories consists of materials used in the manufacturing of the proppant management systems, which include raw materials and purchased parts.
Inventory purchases are recorded initially at cost and issued at weighted average cost when consumed. Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, or fair value for assets acquired, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful service lives of the assets. Systems that are in the process of being manufactured are considered property, plant and equipment. However, the
systems in process do not depreciate until they are fully completed. Systems in process are a culmination of material, labor and overhead. The
costs of ordinary repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred, while significant enhancements, including upgrades or overhauls, are capitalized. These enhancements
include upgrades to various components of the system and to equipment at our manufacturing facility that will either
extend the life or improve the utility and efficiency of the systems, plant and equipment. These enhancements include: • Generation two to three control system upgrades that allow for customization and automation of system controls. This improves the operational
capabilities of our systems by allowing automated shutdown logic and a wide range of customer driven customizations. These include seamless integrated controls on various configuration of our systems
(three, six or twelve silo configuration), as well as proppant and admixture blending capabilities. This upgrade is added to and depreciated over the remaining life of the system. • The PropView™ inventory management system enables our customers to track inventory levels in, and delivery rates from, each silo in
a system. This upgrade improves our customers' operational efficiencies and reduces operating and supply chain costs by allowing the customer 75 Table of Contents to
better manage proppant inventory levels both onsite and remotely. This upgrade is added to and depreciated over the remaining life of the system. • Interchangeable discharge heads for the conveyor belt that serves the various needs of our customers. This upgrade allows us to better meet the
needs of our customers by fitting to a wide range of blender configurations at the well site. This is depreciated over a 15-year life. • Plant improvements include upgrades to overhead cranes and the addition of new column bays and trunions that improve the manufacturing flow, as
well as improvements in the paint booths. These improvements increase productivity by reducing labor hours, while improving safety. These upgrades are depreciated over their useful lives (range of
2-10 years). The
determination of whether an expenditure should be capitalized or expensed requires management judgment in the application of how the costs benefit future periods, relative to our
capitalization policy. Costs that increase the value or materially extend the life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining useful life of the asset. When property and equipment
are sold or retired, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Impairment of Long-Lived and Other Intangible Assets Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is assessed using undiscounted future net cash flows of assets grouped at the lowest level for which
there are identifiable cash flows independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. When alternative courses of action to recover the carrying amount of the asset group are under consideration,
estimates of future undiscounted cash flows take into account possible outcomes and probabilities of their occurrence, which require us to apply judgment. If the carrying amount of the asset is not
recoverable based on its estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount by which its carrying amount exceeds
its estimated fair value. The i