” included elsewhere in this prospectus. Company Overview We are a leading online visibility management SaaS platform, enabling companies globally to identify and reach the right audience in the right context and through the right channels. Online visibility represents how effectively companies connect with consumers across a variety of digital channels, including search, social and digital media, digital public relations, and review websites. Our proprietary SaaS platform enables us to aggregate and enrich trillions of data points collected from hundreds of millions of unique domains, social media platforms, online ads, and web traffic. This allows our customers to understand trends, derive unique and actionable insights to improve their websites and social media pages, and distribute highly relevant content to their targeted customers across channels to drive high-quality traffic. On March 29, 2021, we completed our IPO in which we issued and sold 10,000,000 shares of our Class A common stock at a public offering price of $14.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $140.0 million. We received approximately $126.6 million in net proceeds after deducting $9.8 million of underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately $3.6 million in offering costs. On April 20, 2021, the underwriters of our IPO partially exercised their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock. In connection with the closing of the partial exercise on April 23, 2021, the underwriters purchased 719,266 shares of our Class A common stock for net proceeds to us of $9.245 million. In connection with the closing of the IPO, all of the outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock and Common Stock automatically converted into 124,902,093 shares of Class B common stock. Since our founding in 2008 by Oleg Shchegolev and Dmitry Melnikov, we have achieved a number of significant milestones, including: • 2010: Surpassed 1,000 customers; • 2012: Started expansion into SEO software, launched Position Tracking, and opened our first U.S. office near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; • 2014: Continued expansion of SEO capabilities with Site Audit tool; • 2015: Surpassed 10,000 customers and launched Social Media tools; • 2016: Launched Content Marketing and Digital PR tools; • 2017: Completed our first round of financing led by entities affiliated with Siguler Guff & Company and introduced collaboration features, including the ability to add users and share projects and received U.S. and UK search awards for the “Best SEO Software Suite”; 68 • 2018: Completed another financing led by Greycroft and e.ventures, relocated headquarters to Boston, Massachusetts, and opened an office in Dallas, Texas, surpassed $70 million in ARR, and launched our first add-on offering, Local Listings; • 2019: Surpassed 50,000 customers and $100 million in ARR, and launched our second add-on offering, our competitive intelligence tool; • 2020: Launched Sellzone, a new product for Amazon Marketing, acquired Prowly, and received multiple awards, including “Best SEO Software Suite” and “Best Search Software Tool” according to the European Search Awards, and our headcount grew to more than 900 employees globally; and • 2021 : Completed our IPO. We generate substantially all of our revenue from monthly and annual subscriptions to our online visibility management platform under a SaaS model. Subscription revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term beginning on the date the product is made available to customers. We have one reportable segment. See Note 14 of the notes to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 included elsewhere in this prospectus for more information. Our subscription model enables our paying customers to choose among tiered plans for a majority of our products to meet their specific needs. Our multi-price point pricing for our core product ranges between $100 and $400 per month or $1,000 to $4,000 per year for customers who purchased our core product prior to January 4, 2021 and do not let their subscriptions lapse, and between $119.95 and $449.95 per month or $1,199 to $4,499 per year for new customers as of January 4, 2021, with each price point providing an incremental level of access to our products and usage limits. Within our subscription tiers, customers have the ability to purchase increased usage limits by adding the ability to create additional projects, keywords to track, and seat licenses without moving to a higher price point plan. We have a demonstrated track record of customers consistently upgrading to higher price point plans to get access to incremental functionality and usage limits. Additionally, we offer add-ons that are not included in our subscription plans and are sold on a one-time or monthly basis depending on the add-on. Since inception, we have managed our rapid growth with discipline and efficiency. We generated revenue of $92.1 million and $124.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively, representing growth of 35.6%, and $88.4 million and $134.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively, representing growth of 51.8%. Our revenue grew at a compound annual growth rate of over 50% between the years ended December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2020. Our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 was $10.2 million and $7.0 million, respectively. Our net income (loss) for the nine months ended September 30, 2020 and 2021 was $(5.1) million and $0.6 million, respectively. We believe that the growth of our business and our operating results will be dependent upon many factors, including our ability to acquire new and retain existing paying customers, increase revenue from existing paying customers, and sustain and adapt to product and technology innovation. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. While we have experienced rapid growth and increased demand for our products over the last few years, we expect to continue to incur losses in the short term and may not be able to achieve profitability. Our marketing is focused on building our brand reputation, increasing market awareness of our platform and products, and driving customer demand and a strong sales pipeline. We believe that these efforts will 69 result in an increase in our paying customer base, revenues, and improved operating margins in the long term. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. Additionally, we face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from point solutions that address aspects of online visibility management. We must also effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. If we are unable to successfully address these challenges, our business, operating results, and prospects could be adversely affected. Key Factors Affecting Our Performance There are a number of factors that have impacted, and we believe will continue to impact, our results of operations and growth. These factors include: Acquiring New Paying Customers We expect increasing demand for third-party online visibility software to accelerate adoption of our platform. Our recurring subscription model provides significant visibility into our future results and we believe ARR is the best indicator of the scale of our platform, while mitigating fluctuations due to seasonality and contract term. We define ARR as the daily revenue of all paid subscription agreements that are actively generating revenue as of the last day of the reporting period multiplied by 365, except that we calculate the ARR from Prowly’s customers as the monthly recurring revenue as of the last month of the reporting period multiplied by 12. We include both monthly recurring paid subscriptions, which renew automatically unless cancelled, as well as the annual recurring paid subscriptions so long as we do not have any indication that a customer has cancelled or intends to cancel its subscription and we continue to generate revenue from them. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, we had more than 54,000 paying customers and 67,000 paying customers, respectively, accounting for $102.6 million and $144.2 million in ARR, respectively. As of September 30, 2020 and 2021, we had more than 64,000 paying customers and 79,000 paying customers, respectively, accounting for $134.8 million and $198.7 million in ARR, respectively. Retaining and Expanding Sales to Our Existing Customers We serve a diverse customer base across a variety of sizes and industries that is focused on maximizing their online visibility. We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand within our existing customer base as customers often initially purchase our entry-level subscription, which offers lower usage limits and limited user licenses, as well as fewer features. We have demonstrated the ability to expand contract values with our existing customers as they use our products and recognize the critical nature of our platform and often seek premium offerings through incremental usage, features, add-ons, and additional user licenses. Our sales team is largely focused on driving account expansion by encouraging our customers to fully recognize the potential benefit from our comprehensive platform. As a result, we have become increasingly efficient at acquiring customers who increase their spend with us over time. The chart below illustrates the subscription revenue from each customer cohort based on the year 