—Risks Related to Intellectual Property” for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our
intellectual property. Patent Applications We generally file patent applications directed to our current or future product candidates in an effort to secure our
intellectual property positions vis-à-vis these programs. For our current or future product candidates, we will, in general, initially pursue patent protection
covering compositions of matter and therapeutic methods of use. Throughout the development of our current or future product candidates, we will seek to identify additional means of obtaining patent protection that would potentially enhance
commercial success, including by protecting inventions related to additional methods of use, processes of making, formulations and dosing regimens. The intellectual property portfolios for our current product candidates as of September 25, 2024 are
summarized below. Small Molecule Agonists of PTH1R We own five patent families directed to certain small molecule agonists of PTH1R and therapeutic methods of using them. As of
September 25, 2024, we have two pending Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) patent 157 Table of Contents applications, nine pending foreign applications, and three pending United States provisional patent applications. Any patents that may issue from patent applications in these families (or in the
case of provisional applications, if issued from future non-provisional applications that we file) are projected to expire between 2043 and 2045, absent any disclaimers or potentially available patent term
extensions or adjustments. Small Molecule Inhibitors of MRGPRX2 We own one patent family directed to certain small molecule inhibitors of MRGPRX2 and therapeutic methods of using them. As of
September 25, 2024, we have one pending PCT patent application and seven pending foreign applications. Any patents that may issue from patent applications in this family (or in the case of provisional applications, if issued from future non-provisional applications that we file) are projected to expire in 2044, absent any disclaimers or potentially available patent term extensions or adjustments. Small Molecule Inhibitors of TSHR For our TSHR program, we own two patent families directed to certain small molecule inhibitors of TSHR and therapeutic methods
of using them. As of September 25, 2024, we have one pending PCT patent application and two pending United States provisional patent application. Any patents that may issue from patent applications in these families (or in the case of provisional
applications, if issued from future non-provisional applications that we file) are projected to expire between 2043 and 2045, absent any disclaimers or potentially available patent term extensions or
adjustments. Small Molecule Agonists of Incretin Receptors For our incretin programs, we own five patent families directed to certain small molecule single- and multi-incretin agonists,
of incretin receptors, and therapeutic methods of using them. As of September 25, 2024, we have four pending United States provisional patent applications, one pending foreign application, and one pending PCT application. Any patents that may issue
from patent applications in these families (or in the case of provisional applications, if issued from future non-provisional applications that we file) are projected to expire between 2044 and 2045, absent
any disclaimers or potentially available patent term extensions or adjustments. Patent Term Extensions In the United States, the term of a patent covering an FDA-approved drug may, in
certain cases, be eligible for a patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act as compensation for the loss of patent term during the FDA regulatory review process. The period of extension may be up to five years, but cannot extend beyond a total
of 14 years from the date of product approval. Only one patent among those eligible for an extension and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are
available in Europe and in certain other jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. If one or more of our pending United States patent applications are issued as United States patents covering our current or future
products or their therapeutic use it is possible that the patents may be entitled to patent term extensions. If a therapeutic use of a drug candidate or the drug candidate itself receives FDA approval, we intend to apply for patent term extensions,
if available, to extend the term of patents that cover the approved use or drug candidate. We also intend to seek patent term extensions in any other jurisdictions where available. However, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities,
including the FDA, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted and even if granted, the length of such extensions. Trade Secrets & Know-how In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trade secrets, trademarks, proprietary information, confidential know-how, and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive 158 Table of Contents position. Our trade secrets, proprietary information, and confidential know-how includes our Native Complex Platform TM . However, trade secrets, proprietary information, and confidential know-how can be difficult to protect. We seek to protect our trade secrets, proprietary
information, and confidential know-how, in part, using confidentiality agreements with any collaborators, scientific advisors, employees, and consultants and invention assignment agreements with our employees.
We also have agreements requiring assignment of inventions with selected consultants, scientific advisors, and collaborators. These agreements may not provide adequate protection. These agreements may also be breached, and we may not have an
adequate remedy for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets, proprietary information, and confidential know-how may become known or be independently developed by a third party, or misused by
any collaborator to whom we disclose such information. Despite any measures taken to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our current or future products or obtain or use information that we regard as
proprietary. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information, third parties may independently develop substantially the same or similar proprietary information and techniques or may otherwise gain access to our proprietary information.
As a result, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets, proprietary information, and confidential know-how. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see
the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions,
including the European Union (EU), extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing,
post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with
applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Review and Approval of
Drugs in the United States In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and its implementing regulations. The failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval may subject an applicant and/or sponsor to a variety
of administrative or judicial sanctions, including refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters and other types of letters, product seizures, total or
partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement of profits, or civil or criminal investigations and penalties brought by the FDA and the U.S. Department of Justice or
other governmental entities. In addition, an applicant may need to recall a product. An applicant seeking approval to
market and distribute a new drug product in the United States must typically undertake the following: • completion of nonclinical, or preclinical, laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in
compliance with the FDA’s good laboratory practice (GLP) regulations; • submission to the FDA of an IND which must take effect before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an institutional review board (IRB) representing each clinical site before each clinical trial may
be initiated at that site; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practices
(GCPs) to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each indication; • preparation and submission to the FDA of an NDA and payment of user fees; 159 Table of Contents • review of the product by an FDA advisory committee, where appropriate or if applicable; • satisfactory completion of one or more FDA inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which
the product, or components thereof, are produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the product’s identity,
strength, quality and purity; • satisfactor