You should
carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information and data included in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations, which may result in your loss of all or part of your original investment. Risks Related to Our Business We operate in the highly competitive mattress and pillow industries, and if we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose customers and our sales may decline. Participants in the mattress and pillow industries
compete primarily on price, quality, brand name recognition, product availability and product performance. Our premium mattresses compete with a number of different types of mattress alternatives, including standard innerspring mattresses,
visco-elastic and other foam mattresses, waterbeds, futons, air beds and other air-supported mattresses. These alternative products are sold through a variety of channels, including furniture stores, specialty bedding stores, department stores, mass
merchants, wholesale clubs, telemarketing programs, television infomercials and catalogs. Our largest competitors have significant financial, marketing and manufacturing resources and better brand name recognition than our brand, and sell their products through broader and more established distribution
channels. In addition, we believe that a number of companies offer mattress products similar to our visco-elastic mattresses and pillows. These competitors or other mattress manufacturers may aggressively pursue the visco-elastic mattress market.
Any such competition by established manufacturers or new entrants into the market could impair our business, financial condition and operating results by causing our products to lose market share. In addition, should any of our competitors reduce
prices on premium mattress products, we may be required to implement price reductions in order to remain competitive, which could significantly impair our liquidity and profitability. The pillow industry is characterized by a large number of
competitors, none of which is dominant, but many of which have greater resources than us and better brand name recognition than our brand. We may be unable to effectively manage our growth, which could reduce our liquidity and profitability. We have grown rapidly, with our net sales increasing from approximately
$221.5 million in 2001 to approximately $479.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2003, and to $486.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2004. Our growth has placed, and will continue to place, a strain on our management,
production, product distribution network, information systems and other resources. Our growth may strain these resources to the point where they are no longer adequate to support our operations, which would require us to make significant
expenditures in these areas. To manage growth effectively, we must: • significantly increase the volume of products manufactured at our manufacturing facilities; • continue to enhance our operational, financial and management systems, including our database management, tracking of inquiries, inventory control and product distribution network
and to manage our growing base of retailers, including ensuring compliance with distributor agreements and maintaining adequate credit controls; and • expand, train and manage our employee base. We may not be able to effectively manage this expansion in any one or more of these areas, and any failure to do so could significantly harm our business,
financial condition and operating results. 8 Table of Contents We may be unable to sustain growth or profitability, which could impair our ability to service our indebtedness and
make investments in our business. Our ability to
service our indebtedness depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to grow our business while maintaining profitability. We may not be able to sustain growth or profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in future periods. There is a limit
to the extent to which we can effectively grow in our current business model and we do not know whether we are at or near that limit. Further, our future growth and profitability will depend upon a number of factors, including without limitation: • the level of competition in the mattress and pillow industry; • our ability to continue to successfully execute our strategic initiatives and growth strategy; • our ability to effectively sell our products through our distribution channels in volumes sufficient to drive growth and leverage our cost structure and advertising spending; • our ability to continuously improve our products to offer new and enhanced consumer benefits, better quality and reduced costs; • our ability to maintain efficient, timely and cost-effective production and delivery of our products; • the efficiency and effectiveness of our advertising campaign and other marketing programs in building product and brand awareness, driving traffic to our distribution channels and
increasing sales; • our ability to successfully identify and respond to emerging trends in the mattress and pillow industry; • our ability to maintain public association of our brand with premium products, including overcoming any impact on our brand caused by some of our customers seeking to sell our
products at a discount to our recommended price; • the level of consumer acceptance of our products; and • general economic conditions and consumer confidence. We may not be successful in executing our growth strategy and even if we achieve our strategic plan, we may not be able to sustain profitability. Failure
to successfully execute any material part of our strategic plan or growth strategy could significantly impair our ability to service our indebtedness and make investments in our business. We may face exposure to product liability, which could reduce our liquidity and profitability and reduce consumer confidence in our
products. We face an inherent business risk of
exposure to product liability claims if the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. In the event that any of our products prove to be defective, we may be required to recall or redesign those products. We maintain
insurance against product liability claims, but such coverage may not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us or be adequate for liabilities actually incurred. A successful claim brought against us in excess of available insurance
coverage could impair our liquidity and profitability, and any claim or product recall that results in significant adverse publicity against us, could result in consumers purchasing fewer of our products, which would also reduce our liquidity and
profitability. Our operating results are increasingly subject to
seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. A significant and growing portion of our growth in net sales is attributable to growth in sales in our domestic retail channel, particularly sales to
furniture stores. We believe that our sales of mattresses and pillows to furniture stores is subject to seasonality inherent in the bedding industry with sales expected to be generally lower in the second and fourth quarters and higher in the first
and third quarters. Accordingly, our total net sales may be affected by this seasonality as our domestic retail sales channel continues to grow as a percentage of our overall net sales. 9 Table of Contents Regulatory requirements may require costly expenditures and expose us to liability. Our products and our marketing and advertising programs are and will
continue to be subject to regulation in the United States by various federal, state and local regulatory authorities, including the Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. In addition, other governments and agencies in
other jurisdictions regulate the sale and distribution of our products. Compliance with anticipated changes in fire resistance laws may be costly and could impair the performance of our products. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and
various state regulatory agencies are considering new rules relating to fire retardancy standards for the mattress and pillow industry. The State of California has recently adopted new fire retardancy standards to become effective in 2005. We have
developed product solutions that we believe will allow us to meet the new standards, and we plan to implement these solutions in 2005. We expect that the required product modifications will add cost to our product. Many foreign jurisdictions also
regulate fire retardancy standards, and changes to these standards and changes in our products that require compliance with additional standards would raise similar risks. Our marketing and advertising practices could also become the subject of proceedings before regulatory authorities or the
subject of claims by other parties. In addition, we are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to pollution, environmental protection and occupational health and safety. We may not be in complete compliance with all such
requirements at all times. We have made and will continue to make capital and other expenditures to comply with environmental and health and safety requirements. If a release of hazardous substances occurs on or from our properties or any associated
offsite disposal location, or if contamination from prior activities is discovered at any of our properties, we may be held liable and the amount of such liability could be material. Allegations of the possibility of price fixing in the mattress industry could increase our costs or otherwise impair our operations. Our retail pricing policies are subject to antitrust
regulations. If federal or state regulators initiate investigations into our prici