An investment in our common stock is risky. You should carefully consider
the following risks, as well as the other information contained in this
prospectus. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business could be
harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and
you might lose all or a part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently see as immaterial,
may also harm our business.

                         RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

OUR GENE REGULATION TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM IS UNPROVEN, AND WE MAY BE UNABLE TO USE
THIS TECHNOLOGY IN ALL OF OUR INTENDED APPLICATIONS.

     Our technology platform involves new and unproven approaches to gene
regulation. Although we have generated some ZFP transcription factors for some
gene sequences, we have not created ZFP transcription factors for all gene
sequences and we cannot assure you that we will be able to create ZFP
transcription factors for all gene sequences. In addition, while we have
demonstrated the function of engineered ZFP transcription factors in cell
cultures, we have not done so in animals and humans and many other organisms,
and the failure to do so could restrict our ability to develop commercially
viable products. Furthermore, delivery of ZFP transcription factors into cells
in these and other environments is limited by a number of technical challenges,
which we may be unable to surmount.

     Moreover, the utility of our ZFP transcription factors is in part based on
the belief that the regulation of gene expression may help scientists better
understand the role of human, animal, plant and microbial genes in drug
discovery, as well as therapeutic, diagnostic, agricultural and industrial
biotechnology applications. There is only a limited understanding of the role of
genes in all these fields. Few products in any of these fields have been
developed and commercialized based on results from genomic research or the
ability to regulate gene expression. Our technology may not enable us, our
Universal GeneTools collaborators or our strategic partners to identify and
validate drug targets or other targets in order to develop commercial products.
Even if our Universal GeneTools collaborators or strategic partners are
successful in identifying drug targets or other targets based on discoveries
made using our ZFP transcription factors, our collaborators or strategic
partners may not be able to discover or develop commercially viable products or
may determine to pursue products that do not use our technology.

     Finally, no company has developed or commercialized any therapeutic,
diagnostic, agricultural or industrial biotechnology products based on our
technology. If our technology fails to provide safe, effective, useful or
commercially viable approaches to the discovery and development of these
products, the company and our business would be significantly adversely
affected.

INITIAL EVALUATIONS OF OUR ENGINEERED ZFP TRANSCRIPTION FACTORS DELIVERED TO OUR
UNIVERSAL GENETOOLS COLLABORATORS HAVE PRODUCED MIXED RESULTS.

     Some of our Universal GeneTools collaborators have been able to confirm the
potential utility of our gene regulation technology. Two of our collaborators,
however, have not yet been able to regulate gene expression using our
technology. These collaborators are continuing to evaluate our technology.
Further, most of our collaborators have not yet started testing or have not yet
generated the final results of their testing. We cannot assure you that the ZFP
transcription factors that we have generated for our other collaborators or our
strategic partner will function as intended or that
                                        5 9

ZFP transcription factors engineered in the future for other collaborators or
strategic partners will function as intended. If we are unsuccessful in
engineering ZFP transcription factors that achieve positive results for our
collaborators or strategic partners, our business will be significantly harmed.

IF OUR COMPETITORS DEVELOP, ACQUIRE OR MARKET TECHNOLOGIES OR PRODUCTS THAT ARE
MORE EFFECTIVE THAN OURS, OUR COMMERCIAL OPPORTUNITY WILL BE REDUCED OR
ELIMINATED.

     Any products that we or our collaborators or strategic partners develop
using our Universal Gene Regulation technology platform will participate in
highly competitive markets. Even if we are able to generate ZFP transcription
factors that achieve useful results, competing technologies may prove to be more
effective or less expensive which would limit or eliminate our revenue
opportunities. Competing technologies may include other methods of regulating
gene expression. Our competitors include biotechnology companies with competing
proprietary technology platforms, substantially greater capital resources,
larger research and development staffs and facilities, greater experience in
product development and in obtaining regulatory approvals and patent protection
and greater manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do. These
organizations also compete with us to:

     - attract qualified personnel;

     - attract parties for acquisitions, joint ventures or other collaborations;
       and

     - license the proprietary technologies of academic and research
       institutions that are competitive with our technology which may preclude
       us from pursuing similar opportunities.

     Accordingly, our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection or
commercializing products before us. In addition, any products that we develop
may compete with existing products or services that are well-established in the
marketplace.

FAILURE TO ATTRACT, RETAIN AND MOTIVATE SKILLED PERSONNEL AND CULTIVATE KEY
ACADEMIC COLLABORATIONS WILL DELAY OUR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS AND OUR
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EFFORTS.

     We are a small company with 36 employees, and our success depends on our
continued ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management
and scientific personnel, and our ability to develop and maintain important
relationships with leading academic and other research institutions and
scientists. Competition for personnel and academic and other research
collaborations is intense. The success of our technology development programs
depends on our ability to attract and retain highly trained personnel. If we
lose the services of personnel with these types of skills, it could impede
significantly the achievement of our research and development objectives. If we
fail to negotiate additional acceptable collaborations with academic and other
research institutions and scientists, or if our existing collaborations were to
be unsuccessful, our technology development programs may be delayed or may not
succeed.

     At present the scope of our needs is somewhat limited to the expertise of
personnel who are able to engineer ZFP transcription factors and apply them to
gene regulation. In the future, we will need to hire additional personnel and
develop additional academic collaborations as we continue to expand our research
and development activities and to work on some of our planned projects. In
addition, if we are able to expand our relationships with Universal GeneTools
collaborators and strategic partners, we will require additional expertise in
disciplines applicable to the products we would develop with them. Further, our
planned activities will require existing management to develop additional
expertise. We do not know if we will be able to attract, retain or motivate the
required personnel. The inability to acquire these services or to develop this
expertise could impair our business.

                                        6 10

WE MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY MANAGING OUR GROWTH, WHICH COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS.

     We have recently experienced, and expect to continue to experience, growth
in the number of our employees and the scope of our operating and financial
systems. This growth has resulted in an increase in responsibilities for both
existing and new management personnel. Our ability to manage growth effectively
will require us to continue to implement and improve our operational, financial
and management information systems and to recruit, train, motivate and manage
our employees. We cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our growth
and expansion, and the failure to do so would harm our business.

WE ARE AT AN EARLY STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT AND MAY NOT SUCCEED OR BECOME
PROFITABLE.

     We began operations in 1995 and are at an early stage of development. We
have incurred significant losses to date and our revenues have been limited to
federal government research grants and Universal GeneTools collaborators and a
strategic partner. Our initial ZFP transcription factors delivered to our
Universal GeneTools collaborators are being evaluated and may not provide
sufficient value to those collaborators to convince them to continue in these
relationships. This may also impair our ability to attract additional
collaborators. As a result, our business is subject to all of the risks inherent
in the development of a new technology, which includes the need to:

     - attract additional new Universal GeneTools collaborators and strategic
       partners;

     - attract and retain qualified scientific and technical staff and
       management, particularly scientific staff with expertise to further apply
       and develop our early stage technology;

     - attract and enter into research collaborations with academic and other
       research institutions and scientists;

     - obtain sufficient capital to support the expense of developing our
       technology platform and developing, testing and commercializing products;

     - develop a market for our products; and

     - successfully transition from a company with a research focus to a co