—Risks related to our intellectual property.” As of December 5, 2023, we owned and/or had control of 12 U.S. patents, 143 issued foreign patents, which includes European patents that have been validated in various European countries, two pending non-provisional U.S. patent applications, one pending U.S. provisional patent application, one pending international PCT application, and 16 pending foreign patent applications. With regard to denifanstat, as of December 5, 2023, we owned one issued U.S. patent with composition of matter and pharmaceutical composition claims directed to denifanstat. The issued U.S. patent is expected to expire in 2032, without taking any potential patent term extension (PTE) into account. In addition, we own and/or have control of patents that have been granted in various jurisdictions including Australia, Argentina, Brazil, countries across Europe, Japan, China, South Korea, India, Israel, Macau, Mexico, New Zealand, Taiwan, and South Africa, which are expected to expire in 2032, without taking potential PTEs or other forms of extension into account. We also own three issued U.S. patents with claims directed to methods of using denifanstat and combinations of denifanstat with additional agents. The issued U.S. patents are expected to expire in 2035 and 2036, without taking a potential PTE into account. Specifically, U.S. Patent No. 10,363,249, which is expected to expire in 2035, issued with claims directed to a method of treating a taxane-resistant tumor or cancer comprising administering a combination of denifanstat and a taxane. U.S. 118 Table of Contents Patent No. 10,189,822, which is expected to expire in 2036, issued with claims directed to a method of treating various types of cancers (mantle cell lymphoma, chronic myelogenous leukemia, sarcoma; endometrial tumors, non-small cell lung carcinoma, gastric carcinomas, hepatocellular tumors, and head and neck cancer) comprising administering denifanstat, or a combination of denifanstat with additional agents. U.S. Patent No. 11,034,690, which is expected to expire in 2036, issued with claims directed to methods of treating NASH, NAFLD, liver cirrhosis and liver fibrosis comprising administering denifanstat. In addition we own and/or have control of patents with claims directed to methods of using denifanstat, and/or methods of using combinations of denifanstat with additional agents, in China, Japan, various countries across Europe, South Korea, Israel, New Zealand, and Russia, which are expected to expire in 2035, 2036 and/or 2037. We also own and/or have control of at least 12 pending applications in jurisdictions including Australia, China, Canada, Europe, Japan, South Korea, Singapore, and South Africa, which, if issued, are expected to expire in 2036 and/or 2037, without taking potential PTEs into account. With regard to TVB-3567, as of December 5, 2023, we owned one issued U.S. patent with composition of matter claims, as well as claims directed to methods of using TVB-3567 to treat various types of cancer. The issued U.S. Patent No. 9,994,550 is expected to expire in 2035, without taking a potential PTE into account. In addition, we own and/or have control of patents that have been granted in Australia, Brazil, Canada, South Africa, Japan, South Korea, China, Hong Kong, Macau, Israel, India, Singapore, New Zealand, Russia, Mexico, and various countries across Europe, which are expected to expire in 2035, without taking potential term extensions into account. Furthermore, we own one pending application in Singapore which, if issued, is also expected to expire in 2035, without taking potential PTEs into account. We also own and/or have control of granted patents in China, Israel, and New Zealand, which are expected to expire in 2037, without taking potential PTEs into account, and 11 pending patent applications in various countries and regions in North America, Europe, and Asia, which, if issued, are expected to expire in 2037 (2036 in the United States), without taking potential PTEs into account. With respect to claims specifically directed to the treatment of NASH, as of December 5, 2023, we owned U.S. Patent No. 11,034,690, which is expected to expire in 2036, without taking potential term extensions into account. In addition, we own and/or have control of patents that have been granted in Israel, China, and New Zealand which are expected to expire in 2037, without taking potential term extensions into account. We also own and/or have control of 11 applications pending in the U.S., Australia, and various countries and regions in North America, Europe, Asia, and Africa, that disclose chemical genera encompassing denifanstat and TVB-3567 for the treatment of NASH. Any patents issuing from these applications are expected to expire in 2037 (2036 in the United States), without taking potential PTEs into account. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application or international PCT application. In the United States, the term of a patent covering an FDA-approved drug may, in certain cases, be eligible for a PTE under the Hatch-Waxman Act as compensation for the loss of patent term during the FDA regulatory review process. The period of extension may be up to five years, but cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval. Only one patent among those eligible for an extension and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar provisions are available in Europe and in certain other jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. It is possible that issued U.S. patents covering denifanstat and TVB-3567 may be entitled to PTE. If our drug candidates receive FDA approval, we intend to apply for PTE, if available, to extend the term of patents that cover the approved drug candidates. We also intend to seek PTE in any jurisdictions where they are available, however, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the FDA, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trade secret protection for our proprietary information that is not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. Although we take steps to protect our proprietary information, including restricting access to our premises and our confidential information, as well as entering into agreements with our employees, consultants, advisors and potential collaborators, such individuals may breach such agreements and disclose our proprietary information including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. In addition, third parties may independently develop the same or similar proprietary information or may otherwise gain access to our proprietary information. As a result, we may be unable to meaningfully protect our trade secrets and proprietary information. For more information regarding the risks related to our intellectual property, see “Risk Factors—Risks related to our intellectual property.” 119 Table of Contents U.S. patent term restoration Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the potential FDA approval of denifanstat and any future drug candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited PTE. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent restoration term, often referred to as PTE, of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug or biologic is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves or denies the application for any PTE or restoration. In the future, we intend to apply for extension of patent term for one of our patents covering denifanstat to add patent life beyond its current expected expiration date. Government regulation and product approval As a pharmaceutical company that operates in the United States, and in foreign countries, we are subject to extensive regulation. Government authorities in the United States (at the federal, state, and local level) and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing, and export and import of drug products such as those we are developing. Any drug candidates that we develop must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the United States, and by the appropriate foreign regulatory authority before they may be legally marketed in foreign countries. Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the United States, although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in the European Union are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. 