— General Risk Factors — We are on emerging growth company
and because we take advantage of specified reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective
dates, which may make our common stock less attractive to investors. ” Internal Controls and Procedures As an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company, we are not currently required to maintain an effective system of internal controls as defined by
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements as defined by Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ending December 29, 2023. Only in the event that
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company, would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm
attestation requirement on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies or smaller reporting company including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public
accounting firm attestation requirement on the effectiveness of our system of internal control over financial reporting. See “ Risk Factors — General Risk Factors — If, after this offering, we are unable to satisfy the
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as it applies to an emerging growth company that is listed on an exchange for the first time, or if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial
reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy of our financial statements and our share price may suffer. ” In the course of preparing
the condensed consolidated and consolidated financial statements that are included in this prospectus, our management has determined that we have material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which relate to the lack of a
sufficient number of trained resources with assigned responsibilities and accountability for the design and operation of internal controls over financial reporting, lack of formal and effective controls over certain financial statement account
balances, and lack of formal and effective controls over the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) principles including control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and
communications and monitoring which resulted in material adjustments in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and July 1, 2022 and consolidated financial statements
as of and for the fiscal years ended December 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In order to remediate these material weaknesses, we have hired
and continue to seek out additional accounting and finance staff members with public company reporting experience to augment our current staff and to improve the effectiveness of our closing and financial reporting processes and are currently
implementing key controls over financial reporting and COSO principles. While we have implemented a plan to remediate these material weaknesses, the steps we have taken to date, and that we are continuing to implement, may not be sufficient to
remediate these material weaknesses or to avoid the identification of other material weaknesses in the future. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses
that existed at June 30, 2023 and December 30, 2022, our management has concluded that the condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows in conformity with GAAP. If we fail to fully remediate these material weaknesses or fail to maintain effective
internal controls in the future, it could result in a material misstatement of our condensed consolidated and consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, which could cause investors to lose confidence
in our 73 Table of Contents financial information or cause our stock price to decline. Our independent registered public accounting firm has not assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
and, under the JOBS Act, will not be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, which may increase the risk that material
weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk Not applicable as we are a “smaller reporting company,” as defined in the Exchange Act. 74 Table of Contents BUSINESS Our Company We are a leading provider of water and other
critical infrastructure solutions nationwide. Through our predecessor entities, we have a long history of working on complex water projects, ranging from the world’s largest wastewater recycling and purification system in California to the
iconic Hoover Dam. According to Engineering News Record , in 2022 we were nationally ranked as a top ten builder of dams and reservoirs (#1), water supply (#3), water treatment and desalination plants (#8) and mass transit (#9). We are led by
industry veterans, many with over 20 years of experience, and work closely with our customers to deliver complete solutions, including long-term operations and maintenance. The United Nations has stated that climate change is primarily a water crisis as water becomes more scarce, unpredictable, polluted, or a combination of all
three. Climate change, along with other emerging issues like drinking water contamination, requires significant and complex solutions like those we provide. We believe we are entering a period of substantial investment in water solutions, with more
than $60 billion already authorized by federal legislation. In addition to organic growth opportunities, the existing water industry is highly fragmented by geography and capability, and we believe there is significant opportunity to both
further expand our core infrastructure services and provide new services through acquisitions. We selectively focus on the following types of
infrastructure projects: • Water Treatment : We expand, rehabilitate, upgrade, build and rebuild water and wastewater treatment
infrastructure, including desalination plants. We implement complex cleantech treatment technologies including ozonation, biological activated carbon, membrane filtration, reverse osmosis, chemical treatment, and oxidation. We also conduct facility
commissioning. Our projects and solutions aim to ensure access to clean and safe drinking water, protect public health, and reduce waterborne diseases. Our work contributes to protecting the environment by removing pollutants and contaminants from
wastewater before it is released back into ecosystems. Additionally, water treatment infrastructure supports sustainable water management, which conserves this precious resource for future generations. • Water Resources : We build, expand, and improve water storage and conveyance, dams, levees, flood control
systems, pump stations, and coastal protection. We also upgrade and expand dams, levees and locks along our nation’s waterways to enable continued emissions-reducing movement of goods. Select projects of ours enable reliable water supply,
generate hydroelectric power, and control flooding, ensuring water availability and energy security. Our work contributes to protecting communities from flood damage to safeguard lives, property, and infrastructure. • Other Critical Infrastructure : We build, retrofit, expand, rehabilitate, operate, and maintain our
nation’s critical infrastructure, including mass transit, bridges, and military infrastructure. We work on projects that we believe are vital for economic growth, social connectivity, and accessibility. We believe our projects enable smooth and
efficient movement of people and goods, foster trade, address environmental sustainability, and improve quality of life for individuals and communities. We were founded in 1990 in California. In 2017, AECOM acquired Shimmick and consolidated us with its existing construction services, which included former
legacy construction operations from Morrison Knudsen, Washington Group International, and others. In January 2021, we began operating as an independent company under new private ownership. While our legacy companies have a long history operating in
the United States, we have a limited operating history as an independent company. Following our separation from AECOM, we began a transformation to shift our strategy to meet the nation’s growing need for water and other critical
infrastructure. We believe our competitive strengths, which are discussed below, position us to execute this strategy and capitalize on market opportunities. However, our limited operating history as an independent company and historical dependence
on AECOM subject us to a number of risks, such as an inability to obtain necessary bonding and the need to incur additional operating expenses to create or supplement the corporate infrastructure necessary to operate as an independent company. We
are also involved in ongoing disputes with AECOM, 75 Table of Contents which could adversely impact