We
currently own the rights to U.S. and foreign patents pending and patent applications and endeavor to continually improve our intellectual
property position. We consider the protection of our technology to be vital to our business. While we intend to focus primarily on patentable
technology, we may also rely on trade secrets, unpatented property, know-how, regulatory exclusivity, patent extensions and continuing
technological innovation to develop our competitive position. We also own rights to the trademarks Sigyn Therapeutics™ and Sigyn
Therapy™. Our
success will depend in large part on our ability to protect our proprietary technologies, including Sigyn Therapy, and to operate without
infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright and trademark laws, as
well as confidentiality agreements, and other agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Our success also depends, in
part, on our ability to avoid infringing patents issued to others. If we were judicially determined to be infringing on any third-party
patent, we could be required to pay damages, alter our products or processes, obtain licenses, or cease sales of products or certain
activities. It
is possible that our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents, and that we will not develop additional proprietary
products that are patentable, that any patents issued to us may not provide us with competitive advantages or will be challenged by third
parties and that the patents of others may prevent the commercialization of products incorporating our technology. Furthermore, others
may independently develop similar products, duplicate our products or design around our patents. U.S. patent applications are not immediately
made public, so it is possible that a third party may obtain a patent on a technology we are actively using. Additionally, there is a
risk that any patent applications that we file or later obtain could be challenged by third parties and declared invalid or unenforceable. Patent
law outside the United States is uncertain and currently undergoing review and revisions in many countries. The laws of some countries
may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Third parties may attempt to oppose the issuance
of patents to us in foreign countries by initiating opposition proceedings. Opposition proceedings against any of our patent filings
in a foreign country could have an adverse effect on our corresponding patents that may be issued or pending in the United States. In
addition to patent protection, we rely on unpatented trade secrets and proprietary technological expertise. It is possible that others
could independently develop or otherwise acquire substantially equivalent technology or somehow gain access to our trade secrets and
proprietary technological expertise. We
Face Industry & Competition Risks Based
on the size of the market opportunity, the industry to treat sepsis and other life-threatening inflammatory conditions is expected to
become extremely competitive. As a development-stage device, Sigyn Therapy faces the challenge of establishing medical industry support,
which will be driven by treatment data resulting from human clinical studies. Should Sigyn Therapy become market cleared, we are likely
to face significant competition. Additionally, we will need to establish large-scale production of Sigyn Therapy in order to be competitive
in the marketplace. 6 In
the absence of approved drug agents to treat sepsis and other life-threatening disorders, our competition is likely to come from organizations
that develop extracorporeal blood purification therapies. Among these therapies are a cytokine adsorption technology (CytoSorb from Cytosorbents
Corporation); a technology that removes circulating endotoxin (Toraymyxn from Toray Industries); and two devices that target the removal
of pathogens from the bloodstream (the Hemopurifier from Aethlon Medical) and (the Seraph-100 Microbind Affinity Filter from Exthera
Medical). CytoSorb
is a clinical-stage therapeutic candidate in the United States and market cleared in more than 40 countries outside the U.S. CytoSorb
was recently cleared to treat severe COVID-19 infections under FDA Emergency-Use Authorization (EUA) based on its ability to adsorb inflammatory
cytokines from the bloodstream. Toraymyxn
is a clinical-stage therapeutic candidate in the United States and broadly market cleared outside the U.S. Toraymyxn houses an immobilized
antibiotic agent with a high specificity to bind circulating endotoxin, a potent activator of sepsis resulting from gram-negative bacterial
infections. In North America, exclusive rights to Toraymyxin are licensed to Spectral Medical, who is conducting FDA approved studies
to treat sepsis. The
Aethlon Hemopurifier is a clinical-stage therapeutic candidate in the United States. The Hemopurifier has been cleared to treat severe
COVID-19 infections through an FDA IDE supplement and was previously cleared under FDA Emergency-Use Authorization (EUA) to treat Ebola
virus. Immobilized within the Hemopurifier is an affinity lectin that has a high specificity to bind a broad-spectrum of viral pathogens
from the bloodstream. The
Exthera Seraph-100 Microbind Affinity Filter is a clinical-stage therapeutic candidate in the United States and market cleared outside
the U.S. for the removal of bloodstream pathogens. The Seraph-100 was recently cleared and broadly deployed to treat severe COVID-19
infections under FDA Emergency-Use Authorization (EUA). The Seraph-100 incorporates heparin-coated polyethylene beads that bind both
viral and bacterial pathogens in the bloodstream. While in vitro studies have validated the ability of Sigyn Therapy to address inflammatory cytokines, bacterial toxins (including endotoxin),
hepatic toxins, and infectious viruses, there is no assurance that we will receive market clearance and be able to establish scalable
manufacturing that would allow us to compete with these and other emerging therapies. Government
Regulation May Cause Us Delays in Ability to Obtain Approval Sigyn
Therapy is subject to regulation by numerous regulatory bodies, including the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and comparable
international regulatory agencies. These agencies will require that we comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the development,
testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, storage, distribution, advertising and promotion, and post-marketing surveillance of Sigyn
Therapy. As a medical device, the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) will have primary jurisdiction over the
premarket development, review, and approval of Sigyn Therapy. Failure to comply with applicable requirements could subject us to a variety
of administrative sanctions, such as issuance of warning letters, import detentions, civil monetary penalties and/or judicial sanctions,
such as product seizures, injunctions, and criminal prosecution. FDA’s
Pre-market Approval Pathway May Take a Long Time for Approval of our Product Medical
devices are classified into one of three categories—Class I, Class II or Class III—depending on the degree of risk associated
with each medical device and the extent of controls needed to provide reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness. We anticipate
Sigyn Therapy to be a Class III device, which is subject to a Pre-market Approval (PMA) submission and approval. A
pre-market approval application must be supported by extensive data, including but not limited to technical, preclinical, clinical trials,
manufacturing and labelling to demonstrate to the FDA’s satisfaction reasonable evidence of safety and effectiveness of the device. After
a pre-market approval application is submitted, the FDA has 45 days to determine whether the application is sufficiently complete to
permit a substantive review and thus whether the FDA will file the application for review. The FDA has 180 days to review a filed pre-market
approval application, although the review of an application generally occurs over a significantly longer period of time and can take
up to several years. During this review period, the FDA may request additional information or clarification of the information already
provided. Also, an advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened to review and evaluate the application and provide
recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability of the device. 7 Although
the FDA is not bound by the advisory panel decision, the panel’s recommendations are important to the FDA’s overall decision-making
process. In addition, the FDA may conduct a preapproval inspection of the manufacturing facility to ensure compliance with the Quality
System Regulation, or QSR. The agency also may inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with FDA’s regulations. Upon
completion of the PMA review, the FDA may: (i) approve the PMA which authorizes commercial marketing with specific prescribing information
for one or more indications, which can be more limited than those originally sought; (ii) issue an approvable letter which indicates
the FDA’s belief that the PMA is approvable and states what additional information the FDA requires, or the post-approval commitments
that must be agreed to prior to approval; (iii) issue a not approvable letter which outlines steps required for approval, but which are
typically more onerous than those in an approvable letter, and may require additional clinical trials that are often expensive and time
consuming and can delay approval for months or even years; or (iv) deny the application. If the FDA issues an approvable or not approvable
letter, the applicant has 180 days to respond, after which the FDA’s review clock is reset. Clinical
Trial Requirements Pose Risk to Obtaining Approval Human
clinical trials are required to suppo