”
    for a discussion of certain risks that may affect our intended use of the net proceeds from this offering. Market
    for Common Stock Our
    common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “SINT.” Market
    for Pre-Funded Warrants and Class E Warrants There
    is no established public trading market for the pre-funded warrants or Class E Warrants, and we do not expect a market to develop.
    In addition, we do not intend to apply for listing of the pre-funded warrants or Class E Warrants on any securities exchange or recognized
    trading system. Without an active trading market, the liquidity of the pre-funded warrants
    and Class E Warrants will be limited. Risk
    Factors An
    investment in our securities is highly speculative and involves a significant degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” and
    other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest
    in our securities. Best
    Efforts Offering We
    have agreed to offer and sell the securities offered hereby to the purchasers through the placement agent. The placement agent is
    not required to buy or sell any specific number or dollar amount of the securities offered hereby, but it will use its reasonable
    best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the securities offered by this prospectus. See “Plan of Distribution” on page
    35 of this prospectus. The
number of shares of common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 4,246,212 shares of common stock outstanding as of
October 18, 2023 and excludes: ● 11,909
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options and restricted stock units granted as of June 30, 2023 under
    our equity incentive plans at a weighted average exercise price of $120 per share; ● 1,244,754
    shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants issued as of June 30, 2023; ● 10,576
    shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of 26 shares of series B convertible preferred stock outstanding as of June
    30, 2023; ● 338
    shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of 50 shares of series C convertible preferred stock outstanding as of June
    30, 2023; and ● 11,919
    shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon conversion of 180 shares of the Series D Preferred Stock outstanding as of June
    30, 2023. Unless
otherwise indicated, the information in this prospectus, including the number of shares outstanding after this offering, does not reflect
any issuance, exercise, vesting, expiration, or forfeiture of any additional equity awards under our incentive plans that occurred after
June 30, 2023. 6 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision with respect to our securities, we urge you to
carefully consider the risks described in the “Risk Factors” section herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 under the heading “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and as described or may be described in any
subsequent quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the heading “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” as well as in any applicable prospectus
supplement and contained or to be contained in our filings with the SEC and incorporated by reference in this prospectus, together with
all of the other information contained in this prospectus, or any applicable prospectus supplement. For a description of these reports
and documents, and information about where you can find them, see “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation
by Reference.” These risk factors relate to our business, intellectual property, regulatory matters, and ownership of our common
stock. In addition, the following risk factors present material risks and uncertainties associated with the Offering. The risks and uncertainties
incorporated by reference into this prospectus or described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known or which we consider immaterial as of the date hereof may also have an adverse effect on our business. If any of the
matters discussed in the following risk factors were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or
prospects could be materially adversely affected, the market price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of
your investment in our securities. Risks
Related to This Offering and Ownership of Our Securities There
is currently a limited market for our securities, and any trading market that exists in our securities may be highly illiquid and may
not reflect the underlying value of our net assets or business prospects. Although
our common stock is traded on Nasdaq, there is currently a limited market for our common stock and an active market may never develop.
Investors are cautioned not to rely on the possibility that an active trading market may develop. The
best efforts structure of this offering may have an adverse effect on our business plan. The
placement agent is offering the securities in this offering on a best efforts basis. The placement agent is not required to purchase
any securities, but will use its best efforts to sell the securities offered. As a “best efforts” offering, there can be
no assurance that the offering contemplated hereby will ultimately be consummated or will result in any proceeds being made available
to us. The success of this offering will impact our ability to use the proceeds to execute our business plan. We may have insufficient
capital to implement our business plan, potentially resulting in greater operating losses unless we are able to raise the required capital
from alternative sources. There is no assurance that alternative capital, if needed, would be available on terms acceptable to us, or
at all. Future
sales of our common stock may depress our share price. As
of September 29, 2023, we had 4,208,151 shares of our common stock outstanding. Sales of a number of shares of common stock in the public
market or issuances of additional shares pursuant to the exercise of our outstanding warrants, or the expectation of such sales or exercises,
could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We may also sell additional shares of common stock or securities convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock in subsequent public or private offerings or other transactions, which may adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. Our
stockholders may experience substantial dilution in the value of their investment if we issue additional shares of our capital stock. Our
charter allows us to issue up to 250,000,000 shares of our common stock and up to 130,000,000 shares of preferred stock. To raise additional
capital, we may in the future sell additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our
common stock at prices that are lower than the prices paid by existing stockholders, and investors purchasing shares or other securities
in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders, which could result in substantial dilution to the interests of existing
stockholders. 7 Certain
of our outstanding shares of convertible preferred stock and warrants contain full-ratchet anti-dilution protection, which may cause
significant dilution to our stockholders. As
of June 30, 2023, we had outstanding 26 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock convertible into an aggregate of 10,576 shares
of common stock, and warrants issued in October 2022 that are exercisable for an aggregate of 616,641 shares of common stock. The Series
B convertible preferred stock and October 2022 warrants contain full-ratchet anti-dilution provisions which, subject to limited exceptions,
would reduce the conversion price of the Series B preferred stock (and increase the number of shares issuable under the Series B preferred
stock) and reduce the exercise price of the October 2022 warrants in the event that we in the future issue common stock, or securities
convertible into or exercisable to purchase common stock, at a price per share lower than the conversion price or exercise price then
in effect. Depending upon how such provisions are interpreted, the alternative cashless exercise provision contained in the Class C Warrants
and Class D Warrants could potentially result in a significant reduction in the conversion or exercise price of the Series B convertible
preferred stock and October 2022 warrants. Our outstanding 26 shares of Series B preferred stock are, prior to this offering, convertible
into 10,576 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $2.7042 per share. The October 2022 warrants are exercisable at an exercise
price of $2.7042 per share. These full ratchet anti-dilution provisions will likely be triggered by the issuance of the Units in this
offering. Our
management will have broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from this offering, you may not agree with how we use the proceeds
and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. Other
than amounts required to be paid to certain lenders, our management will have broad discretion as to the use of the net proceeds from
this offering and could use them for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of commencement of this offering. Accordingly,
you will be relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the use of these net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity,
as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. It is possible that, pending their
use, we may invest the net proceeds in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for us. The failure of our management to
use such funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows