If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, or fail, we could experience adverse
consequences resulting from such compromise, or failure, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and
other adverse consequences. In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely, process, collect, receive,
store, use, transfer, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share collectively referred to as processing proprietary, confidential, and sensitive data, including personal data (such as health-related data), intellectual property and trade
secrets, collectively referred to as sensitive information. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of sensitive information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may
be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based
activity, online and offline fraud, security breaches and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive information and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which
we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer “hackers,” threat actors, “hacktivists,” organized criminal threat
actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for
geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. These risks, as well as the number and frequency of
cybersecurity events globally, may also be heightened during times of war or other major conflicts. We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks
(including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing attacks), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software
bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, electrical and telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. In particular, severe
ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm and diversion of funds. We have a hybrid in-office/remote work environment, which, like other companies that have incorporated remote
working, has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public
locations. Future business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and
vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities’ systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such
acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. We currently rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety
of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, employee email, and other functions. We also currently rely on commercially 74 Table of Contents available tools from third-party service providers to process and safeguard our sensitive information and business data. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security
practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we
may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. Although, to our knowledge, we have not experienced any material security breach to date, we have experienced and may continue to experience threats or
system failures which could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive
information or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. We have not yet conducted any internal audits or penetration tests on our information technology systems, nor have we enlisted any external parties
to conduct security audits or penetration tests on our behalf. Such assessments, when conducted, could indicate vulnerabilities in our information technology systems which we may not be able to effectively remediate. If a security incident were to
occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays
in our regulatory approvals efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical trial activities) to try to protect against
security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or
industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that
these measures will be effective. Additionally, certain federal, state and foreign government requirements include obligations of companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving particular categories of personally identifiable
information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or the third parties upon whom we rely. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. We may not be able to detect and remediate vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because the threats and techniques used to exploit the
vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our
business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. It is not possible to prevent all threats to our information technology systems and those of our
third-party service providers, over which we exert less control, and any controls we implement to do so may prove to be ineffective. If we (or a
third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties,
audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity;
reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause delays or disruptions in our clinical
trials and development of product candidates, deter customers from using our products, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 75 Table of Contents Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no
assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or
sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. In
addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be
used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. laws and regulations and foreign laws,
regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with