Any investment in our securities is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth under “ Risk Factors ” on page 9 of this prospectus and in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K and our other filings with the SEC. 8 Table of Con tents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock, involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Registration Statement, including our consolidated financial statements and their related notes included elsewhere in this Registration Statement and the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition could suffer materially, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. Risk Factor Summary Below is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading “Risk Factors” and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Registration Statement and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. • We have a limited operating history, have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate any revenue or become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. • We are heavily dependent on the success of our early-stage product candidates, SBI-100 and nimacimab, which will require significant additional efforts to develop and may prove not to be viable for commercialization. • Serious adverse events or undesirable side effects or other unexpected properties of any of our product candidates may be identified during development or after approval that could delay, prevent or cause the withdrawal of marketing approval, limit the commercial potential, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval. • We expect to rely on third parties, such as CROs, to conduct some or all of our nonclinical and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize any of our product candidates. • We rely on, and expect to continue relying on, third party contract manufacturing organizations to manufacture and supply product candidates for us, as well as certain raw materials used in the production thereof. If one of our suppliers or manufacturers fails to perform adequately, we may be required to incur significant delays and costs to find new suppliers or manufacturers. • If we fail to enter and maintain successful collaborative arrangements or strategic alliances for our product candidates, we may have to reduce or delay our product candidate development or increase our expenditures. • We expect to face intense competition, often from companies with greater resources and experience than we have. • UM is the owner of intellectual property underlying SBI-100 OE • Our product candidate, SBI-100 OE, will be subject to U.S. controlled substance laws and regulations, and failure to comply with or the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, may adversely affect the results of our business operations, and our financial condition. 9 Table of Con tents Risks Related to Our Limited Operating History, Financial Position and Capital Requirements We have a limited operating history, have incurred significant operating losses since our inception and expect to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate any revenue or become profitable or, if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain it. Pharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We commenced operations in 2011, and to date, we have focused primarily on organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, discovering potential product candidates, and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials. Our approach to the discovery and development of product candidates is unproven, and we do not know whether we will be able to develop any products of commercial value. In addition, we have only two product candidates, SBI-100 and nimacimab, in clinical development.  We have not yet demonstrated an ability to obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, manufacture a commercial scale product, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a history of successfully developing and commercializing pharmaceutical products. We have incurred significant operating losses since our inception. If our product candidates are not successfully developed and approved, we may never generate any revenue. We have incurred cumulative net losses since our inception and, as of December 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of $104,382,549. Our losses have primarily resulted from expenses incurred in connection with our research and development programs and from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. All of our product candidates will require substantial additional development time and resources before we would be able to apply for or receive regulatory approvals and begin generating revenue from product sales. We expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we anticipate these losses will increase substantially as we continue our development of, seek regulatory approval for and potentially commercialize any approved products. To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and eventually commercializing or licensing products that generate significant revenue. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including clinical trials of our product candidates, discovering additional product candidates, obtaining regulatory approval for these product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve profitability. In addition, we have not yet demonstrated an ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies in new and rapidly evolving fields, particularly in the biopharmaceutical industry. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical product development, we are unable to accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses or when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our research and development efforts, diversify our product candidates or even continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. We will require substantial additional financing to achieve our goals, and a failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed on acceptable terms, or at all, could force us to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development programs, commercialization efforts or other operations. The development of biopharmaceutical product candidates and conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials are time-consuming and capital-intensive. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we conduct our ongoing and planned Phase 2 clinical trials of SBI-100 and nimacimab and continue our research and development activities. Furthermore, we incur, and expect to continue to incur, additional costs associated with operating as a public company. At the same time, our commercial revenues, if any, will be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if at all. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If 10 Table of Con tents we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or any future commercialization efforts. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities will enable us to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our capital