” section, many of
which are beyond our control and may not be related to our
operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose
all or part of your investment in our common stock since you might
be unable to sell your shares at or above the price you paid in
this offering. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading
price of our common stock include: ● changes to our industry, including demand and
regulations; ● we may not be able to compete successfully against current and
future competitors; ● competitive pricing pressures; ● our ability to obtain working capital financing as
required; ● additions or departures of key personnel; ● sales of our common stock; ● our ability to execute our business plan; ● operating results that fall below expectations; ● loss of any strategic relationship, sponsor or
licensor; ● any major change in our management; ● changes in accounting standards, procedures, guidelines,
interpretations or principals; and ● economic, geo-political and other external factors. - 10 - Table of Contents In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for
technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic,
political and market conditions such as recessions or interest rate
changes, may seriously affect the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our actual operating performance. These fluctuations
may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our stock
shortly following this offering. If the market price of our common
stock after this offering does not exceed the initial public
offering price, you may not realize any return on your investment
in us and may lose some or all of your investment. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the
overall market and the market prices of particular companies’
securities, securities class action litigations have often been
instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if
instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a
diversion of our management’s attention and resources. Any
adverse determination in any such litigation or any amounts paid to
settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that
we make significant payments. We may not be able to satisfy listing requirements of Nasdaq or
maintain a listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. Because our common stock is listed on Nasdaq, we must meet certain
financial and liquidity criteria to maintain such listing. If we
violate Nasdaq listing requirements, our common stock may be
delisted. If we fail to meet any of Nasdaq’s listing
standards, our common stock may be delisted. In addition, our board
of directors may determine that the cost of maintaining our listing
on a national securities exchange outweighs the benefits of such
listing. A delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq may materially
impair our stockholders’ ability to buy and sell our common
stock and could have an adverse effect on the market price of, and
the efficiency of the trading market for, our common stock. The
delisting of our common stock could significantly impair our
ability to raise capital and the value of your
investment. If securities industry analysts do not publish research reports on
us, or publish unfavorable reports on us, then the market price and
market trading volume of our common stock could be negatively
affected. Any trading market for our common stock will be influenced in part
by any research reports that securities industry analysts publish
about us. We may not obtain any future research coverage by
securities industry analysts. In the event we are covered by
research analysts, and one or more of such analysts downgrade our
securities, or otherwise reports on us unfavorably, or discontinues
coverage of us, the market price and market trading volume of our
common stock could be negatively affected. We have not paid cash dividends in the past and do not expect to
pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment will likely
be limited to the value of our common stock. We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not
anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. The payment of
dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial
condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at
such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do
not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a
return on your investment will only occur if our stock price
appreciates. Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future
after this offering, you must rely on price appreciation of our
common stock for return on your investment. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available
funds and any future earnings after this offering to fund the
development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not
expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our common stock
as a source for any future dividend income. Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to
distribute dividends, subject to certain requirements of Delaware
General Corporation Law. Even if our board of directors decides to
declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future
dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our future
results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and
surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, received by us from
our subsidiaries, our financial condition, contractual restrictions
and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
Accordingly, the return on your investment in our common stock will
likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of our
common stock. There is no guarantee that our common stock will
appreciate in value after this offering or even maintain the price
at which you purchased the common stock. You may not realize a
return on your investment in our common stock and you may even lose
your entire investment in our common stock. Future issuances of debt securities, which would rank senior to our
common stock upon our bankruptcy or liquidation, and future
issuances of preferred stock, which could rank senior to our common
stock for the purposes of dividends and liquidating distributions,
may adversely affect the level of return you may be able to achieve
from an investment in our common stock. In the
future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by
offering debt securities. Upon bankruptcy or liquidation, holders
of our debt securities, and lenders with respect to other
borrowings we may make, would receive distributions of our
available assets prior to any distributions being made to holders
of our common stock. Moreover, if we issue preferred stock, the
holders of such preferred stock could be entitled to preferences
over holders of common stock in respect of the payment of dividends
and the payment of liquidating distributions. Because our decision
to issue debt or preferred stock in any future offering, or borrow
money from lenders, will depend in part on market conditions and
other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate
thea mount, timing or nature of any such future offerings or
borrowings. Holders of our common stock must bear the risk that any
future offerings we conduct or borrowings we make may adversely
affect the level of return, if any, they may be able to achieve
from an investment in our common stock. - 11 - Table of Contents C AUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING