Investing in our
common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information in this prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our common stock. If any of the following
risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations would suffer. In this case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline and you might lose all or part of your investment in our common stock.
Additional risks that we currently do not know about or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our recent significant growth makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and may increase the risk of your investment. Although we have been operating since 1993, our
revenues have grown substantially in recent periods, which makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects. You must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we encounter as a rapidly
growing technology company in a very competitive market. These risks and difficulties include, but are not limited to, the risks identified in this section and in particular the following factors: • our focus on a single market, the market for application optimized server systems and components; • the difficulties we face in managing rapid growth in personnel and operations; • the timing and success of new products and new technologies introduced by us and our competitors; • our ability to build brand awareness in a highly competitive market; and • our ability to market new and existing products on our own and with our partners. We may not be able to successfully address any of these risks or others. Failure to do so adequately could seriously harm
our business and cause our operating results to suffer. Our quarterly operating results will likely fluctuate in the future, which could cause rapid declines in our stock price. As our business continues to grow, we believe that our quarterly operating results will be subject to greater fluctuation due to various factors, many of
which are beyond our control. Factors that may affect quarterly operating results in the future include: • our ability to attract new customers, retain existing customers and increase sales to such customers; • unpredictability of the timing and size of customer orders, since most of our customers purchase our products on a purchase order basis rather than pursuant to a long term contract; • fluctuations in availability and costs associated with materials needed to satisfy customer requirements; • variability of our margins based on the mix of server systems and components we sell; • variability of operating expenses as a percentage of net sales; • the timing of the introduction of new products by leading microprocessor vendors and other suppliers; • our ability to introduce new and innovative server solutions that appeal to our customers; • our ability to address technology issues as they arise, improve our products’ functionality and expand our product offerings; • changes in our product pricing policies, including those made in response to new product announcements and pricing changes of our competitors; 6 Table of Contents • mix of whether customer purchases are of full systems or components and whether made directly or through indirect sales channels; • fluctuations based upon seasonality; • the rate of expansion, domestically and internationally; • the effectiveness of our sales force and the efforts of our distributors; • the effect of mergers and acquisitions among our competitors, suppliers or partners; • general economic conditions in our geographic markets; and • impact of regulatory changes on our cost of doing business. Accordingly, it is difficult for us to accurately forecast our growth and results of operations on a quarterly basis. If we fail to meet expectations of
investors or analysts, our stock price may fall rapidly and without notice. Furthermore, the fluctuation of quarterly operating results may render less meaningful period-to-period comparisons of our operating results, and you should not rely upon
them as an indication of future performance. If the
demand for application optimized server solutions does not continue to develop as we anticipate, demand for our server solutions may not grow as we expect. The success of our business depends on businesses continuing to choose application optimized server solutions for running
their critical business applications. The market for application optimized server solutions has a short history marked by frequent introductions of new technologies and products. Many of these technologies and products have not yet gained, and may
not gain, significant customer acceptance. We expect to devote significant resources to identifying new market trends and developing products to meet anticipated customer demand for application optimized server solutions. Ultimately, however,
customers may not purchase application optimized server solutions and instead select general purpose lower-cost servers and components. We are also part of a broader market for server solutions and demand for these server solutions may decline or
fail to grow as we expect. Accordingly, we can not assure you that demand for the type of server solutions we offer and plan to offer will continue to develop as we anticipate, or at all. Our future financial performance will depend on the timely introduction and widespread acceptance of new server
solutions and increased functionality of our existing server solutions. Our future financial performance will depend on our ability to meet customer specifications and requirements by enhancing our current server solutions and developing server solutions with new and better functionality.
For example, we are spending a material portion of our research and development budget on the development of blade server systems, which we expect to introduce during the first half of calendar 2007. The success of new features and new server
solutions depends on several factors, including their timely introduction and market acceptance. We may not be successful in developing enhancements or new server solutions, or in timely bringing them to market. Customers may also defer purchases of
our existing products pending the introduction of anticipated new products. If our new server solutions are not competitive with solutions offered by other vendors, we may not be perceived as a technology leader and could miss market opportunities.
If we are unable to enhance the functionality of our server solutions or introduce new server solutions which achieve widespread market acceptance, our reputation will be damaged, the value of our brand will diminish, and our business will suffer.
In addition, uncertainties about the timing and nature of new features and products could result in increases in our research and development expenses with no assurance of future sales. We may not be able to successfully manage our planned growth and expansion. We are pursuing new customers and expanding our product offerings to grow
our business rapidly. In connection with this growth, we expect that our annual operating expenses will increase significantly during the 7 Table of Contents foreseeable future as we invest in sales and marketing, research and development, manufacturing and production infrastructure, and strengthen customer
service and support resources for our customers. Our failure to expand operational and financial systems timely or efficiently could result in additional operating inefficiencies, which could increase our costs and expenses more than we had planned
and prevent us from successfully executing our business plan. We may not be able to offset the costs of operation expansion by leveraging the economies of scale from our growth in negotiations with our suppliers and contract manufacturers.
Additionally, if we do increase our operating expenses in anticipation of the growth of our business and this growth does not meet our expectations, our financial results will be negatively impacted. If our business grows, we will have to manage additional product design
projects, materials procurement processes, and sales efforts and marketing for an increasing number of SKUs, as well as expand the number and scope of our relationships with suppliers, distributors and end customers. If we fail to manage these
additional responsibilities and relationships successfully, we may incur significant costs, which may negatively impact our operating results. Additionally, in our efforts to be first to market with new products with innovative functionality and features, we may devote significant research and
development resources to products and product features for which a market does not develop quickly, or at all. If we are not able to predict market trends accurately, we may not benefit from such research and development activities, and our results
of operations may suffer. The market in which we
participate is highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, we may not be able to increase our market penetration, grow our net sales or improve our gross margins. The market for server solutions is intensely competitive and rapidly changing. Barriers to entry in our market are
relatively low and we expect increased challenges from existing as well as new competitors. Some of our principal competitors offer server solutions at a lower price, which has resulted in pricing pressures on sales of our server solutions. We
expect further downward pricing pressure from our competitors and expect that we will have to price some of our server solutions aggressively to increase our market share with respect to those products. If we are unable to maintain the margins on
our server solutions, our operating results coul