” beginning on page 5 of this prospectus for further discussion of the possible impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Comparability of Financial Information Our future results of operations and financial position may not be comparable to historical results as a result of the Business Combination. Factors Affecting Our Performance We believe that our future success will be dependent on many factors, including those further discussed below. Our future operating results and cash flows are dependent upon a number of opportunities, challenges and other factors, including our ability to grow our customer base in a cost-effective manner, expand our hardware and hosted service offerings to generate increased revenue per Unit Deployed (as defined below), provide high quality hardware products and hosted service applications to maximize revenue and improve the leverage of our business model. While these areas represent opportunities for us, they also represent challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to operate our business. Investing in Research and Development Our performance is significantly dependent on the investments we make in research and development, including our ability to attract and retain highly skilled research and development personnel. We must continually develop and introduce innovative new software services and hardware products, integrate with third-party products and services, mobile applications and other new offerings. If we fail to innovate and enhance our brand and our products, our market position and revenue will likely be adversely affected. 51 Table of Contents Active Supply Chain Management We are focused on successfully navigating global supply chain disruptions. Specifically, increased demand for electronics as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. trade relations with China and certain other factors have led to a global shortage of semiconductors, including Z-wave chips, which are a central component of our SmartHubs. Due to this shortage, we have experienced SmartHub production delays, which have occasionally affected our ability to meet scheduled installations. We believe these supply chain disruptions may continue, with varying degrees of operational impact, through the end of the 2021 fiscal year. New Products, Features and Functionality We will need to expend additional resources to continue introducing new products, features and functionality to enhance the value of our smart home operating system. We have recently introduced a number of product enhancements and features, including the Building Access Control, Video Intercom, WiFi and Parking Management solutions. In the future, we intend to continue to release new products and solutions and enhance our existing products and solutions, and we expect that our operating results will be impacted by these releases. Category Adoption and Market Growth Our future growth depends in part on the continued consumer adoption of hardware and software products which improve resident experience and the growth of this market. We need to deliver solutions that enhance the resident experience and deliver value to our customers, rental property owners and operators, as well as homebuilders and developers, by providing products and solutions designed to enhance visibility and control over assets while providing additional revenue opportunities. In addition, our long-term growth depends in part on our ability to expand into international markets in the future. Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of SmartRent included elsewhere in this Report were prepared in accordance with GAAP. Key Operating Metrics We regularly monitor a number of operating and financial metrics, which include certain non-GAAP financial measures, including the following, to evaluate our operating performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans, measure our progress and make strategic decisions. Non-GAAP financial measures may not provide accurate predictions of future GAAP financial results. The limitations our key operating metrics have as an analytical tool are: (i) they might not accurately predict our future GAAP financial results, (ii) we might not realize all or any part of the anticipated value reflected in Units Booked (as defined below) and (iii) other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate our key operating metrics or similarly titled measures differently, which reduces their usefulness as a comparative measure. Units Deployed and New Units Deployed We define “Units Deployed” as the aggregate number of our SmartHubs that have been installed (including customer self-installations) as of a stated measurement date. We define New Units 52 Table of Contents Deployed as the aggregate number of our SmartHubs that were installed (including customer self-installations) during a stated measurement period. We use these operating metrics to assess the general health and trajectory of our business and growth. We had 83,293, and 60,935 New Units Deployed during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and 23,834 and 6,943 New Units Deployed during the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were 56,320 and 24,883 New Units Deployed, respectively. As of June 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, SmartRent had an aggregate of 211,425 and 155,105 Units Deployed, respectively. Committed Units We define “Committed Units” as the aggregate number of our SmartHub units that are subject to binding orders from customers together with units that existing customers who are parties to a SmartRent master services agreement have informed us (on a non-binding basis) that they intend to order in the future for deployment within two years of the measurement date. We track the number of Committed Units to assess the general health and trajectory of our business and to assist in our longer-term resource analysis. As of June 30, 2021, SmartRent had 606,455 Committed Units. Units Booked We define “Units Booked” as the aggregate number of our SmartHub units associated with binding orders executed during a stated measurement period. We utilize the concept of Units Booked to measure estimated near-term resource demand and the resulting approximate range of post-delivery revenue that we will earn and record. Units Booked represent binding orders only and accordingly are a subset of Committed Units. We had 38,182 and 9,495 Units Booked during the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were 83,718 and 32,216 Units Booked, respectively. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA We define “EBITDA” as net income or loss computed in accordance with GAAP before the following items: interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA before the following items: stock-based compensation expense, non-employee warrant expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, change in fair value of derivatives, unrealized gains and losses in currency exchange rates and other income and expenses. Management uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to identify controllable expenses and make decisions designed to help us meet our current financial goals and optimize our financial performance, while neutralizing the impact of expenses included in our operating results which could otherwise mask underlying trends in our business. See “ Non-GAAP Financial Measures ” for additional information and reconciliation of these measures. Annual Recurring Revenue We define Annual Recurring Revenue (“ARR”) as the annualized value of our recurring SaaS services revenue earned in the current quarter. We monitor our ARR to assess the general health and trajectory of our hosted services business. Our ARR was approximately $3.4 million and $1.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and approximately $7.0 million based upon the annualized run rate for the quarter ended June 30, 2021, compared to $2.7 million for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. 53 Table of Contents Components of Results of Operations Revenue We generate revenue primarily from sales of systems that consist of hardware devices, professional installation services and hosted services to assist property owners and property managers have visibility and control over assets, while providing all-in-one home control offerings for residents. We record revenue as earned when control of these products and services are transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to collect for those products and services. Hardware Revenue We generate revenue from the direct sale to our customers of hardware smart home devices, which devices currently consist of door-locks, thermostats, sensors, and light switches. These smart home devices connect to the SmartHub, which is discussed in “— Hosted Services Revenue ” below. The performance obligation for hardware revenue is considered satisfied, and revenue is recognized, when the hardware device is shipped to the customer, except for the SmartHub, which is discussed in “— Hosted Services Revenue ” below. We generally provide a one-year warranty period on hardware devices that we deliver and install. We record the cost of the warranty as a component of cost of revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Professional Services Revenue We generate professional services revenue from the installation of smart home hardware devices, which do not result in significant customization of the installed products and is generally performed over a period of two to four weeks. Installations can be performed by our employees, can be contracted out to a third party with our employees managing the engagement, or can be performed by the customer with our e