– Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— Because we must comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, we may face a competitive disadvantage in competing with Chinese companies that are not bound by those prohibitions.” on page  46 of this prospectus. · Our ability to generate business from the current sole customer of our China segment, a state-owned enterprise, may be subject to government policies relating to such factors as the terms on which our PRC subsidiaries sell the project to SPIC and SPIC’s procurement policies. See “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— Our ability to generate business from State Power Investment Corporation Guizhou Jinyuan Weining Energy Co., Ltd. (“SPIC”), which has been the sole customer of our China segment since the middle of 2019, may be subject to government policies relating to such factors as the terms on which our PRC subsidiaries sell the project to SPIC and SPIC’s procurement policies. As of the date of this prospectus, we do not have any agreements for projects with SPIC.   As a state-owned enterprise, SPIC may favor Chinese companies over subsidiaries of a United States company.” on page  47 of this prospectus. · We need to obtain project financing for its China segment on a project-by-project basis, and the inability to obtain such financing may impair our ability to generate contracts for solar farm projects in China. See “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— Because of the cost of construction of the solar farms, we could require financing in order to complete projects in China and the inability to obtain such financing may impair our ability to generate contracts for solar farm projects in China.” on page  33 of this prospectus. · We have three directors located outside of the United States. Investors may not be able to enforce United States federal securities laws upon those directors located outside of the United States. See “Enforceability of Civil Liabilities” on page 63 and “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China- Three of our directors are located outside of the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights agai nst those officers and directors (prior to and after the offering) located outside the United States.” on page  48 of this prospectus. 4 Table of Contents · Regulatory bodies of the United States may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections. See “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— Regulatory bodies of the United States may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China.” on page  55 of this prospectus. · We face uncertainties on the reporting and consequences of private equity financing transactions, private share exchange transactions and private transfer of shares, including private transfer of public shares, in our company by non-resident investors. See “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— we face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a PRC establishment of a non-PRC company, or immovable properties located in China owned by a non-PRC company.” on page  54 of this prospectus. · The development, construction and operation of solar power projects and photovoltaic production projects are highly regulated activities. Our operations in China are governed by various laws and regulations, including national and local regulations relating to urban and rural planning, building codes, safety, environmental protection, fire control, utility transmission, engineering and metering and related matters See “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— We may fail to comply with laws and regulations regarding the development, construction and operation of solar power projects and photovoltaic production projects in China.” on page  53 of this prospectus. · The new Enterprise Income Tax (EIT) Law, which was most recently amended on December 29, 2018, and its implementing rules provide that enterprises established outside of China whose “de facto management bodies” are located in China are considered “resident enterprises” under PRC tax laws. See “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— Under the new Enterprise Income Tax Law, we may be classified as a “resident enterprise” of China. Such classification could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC stockholders.” on page  52 of this prospectus. · Our PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to pay dividends to us, and we are restricted in payments to our PRC Subsidiaries. See “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— Under Chinese law, our Chinese subsidiaries are limited in their ability to pay dividends to us, which may impair our ability to pay dividends and to fund our United States segment in the future,” “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— Payment by our PRC Subsidiaries of dividends to us are restricted.” on page  50  and “Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Doing Business in China— PRC regulation of direct investment by offshore holding companies to PRC entities may delay or prevent us from making additional capital contributions to its PRC subsidiaries and affiliated entities, which could impair its liquidity and its ability to fund and expand its business.” on page  49 of this prospectus. Risks Related to