—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of our Common Stock—Future sales of our common stock in the public market, or the perception in the public market that such sales may occur, could reduce our stock price ” and “ Shares Eligible for Future Sale .” This offering is being made pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement. Income Tax Receivable Agreement On March 19, 2021, we entered into an income tax receivable agreement pursuant to which our pre-IPO stockholders have the right to receive payment by us of 85% of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign income tax that we and our subsidiaries actually realize (or are deemed to realize in the case of a change of control and certain subsidiary dispositions, as discussed below) for periods starting at least 12 months after the closing date of our initial public offering as a result of the utilization of our and our subsidiaries’ tax attributes existing at the time of our initial public offering. These tax attributes, which we refer to as the “Pre-IPO Tax Attributes,” include net operating loss carryforwards, deductions, tax basis and certain other tax attributes, in each case that relate to periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the closing date of our initial public offering. We expect to be able to utilize the Pre-IPO Tax Attributes. We expect that the Pre-IPO Tax Attributes will reduce the amount of tax that we and our subsidiaries would otherwise be required to pay in the future. For purposes of the income tax receivable agreement, cash savings in income tax are computed by reference to the reduction in the liability for income taxes resulting from the utilization of the tax benefits subject to the income tax receivable agreement. The term of the income tax receivable agreement will continue until all relevant tax benefits have been utilized or expired. Our counterparties under the income tax receivable agreement will not reimburse us for any payments previously made if such tax benefits are subsequently disallowed (although future payments would be adjusted to the extent possible to reflect the result of such disallowance). As a result, in such circumstances we could make payments under the income tax receivable agreement that are greater than our and our subsidiaries’ actual cash tax savings. 159 Table of Contents Any future changes in the realizability of our Pre-IPO Tax Attributes in each case, attributable to periods prior to our initial public offering, will impact the amount of the liability that will be paid to our pre-IPO stockholders. Assuming no material changes in the relevant tax law, that we and our subsidiaries earn sufficient taxable income to realize the full tax benefits subject to the income tax receivable agreement and our current taxable income estimates, we would expect that future payments under the income tax receivable agreement will aggregate to approximately $96.5 million. Based on our current taxable income estimates, we expect to pay the majority of this obligation by the end of our 2025 fiscal year. We plan to use cash flow from operations and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility to fund our obligations under the income tax receivable agreement. If we undergo certain mergers, stock and asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other transactions constituting a “changes of control” as defined in the income tax receivable agreement, the income tax receivable agreement will terminate and we will be required to make a payment equal to the present value of future payments under the income tax receivable agreement, which payment would be based on certain assumptions, including the assumption that we and our subsidiaries have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the Pre-IPO Tax Attributes. Additionally, if we sell or otherwise dispose of any of our subsidiaries in a transaction that is not a change of control, we will be required to make a payment equal to the present value of future payments under the income tax receivable agreement attributable to the tax benefits of such subsidiary that is sold or disposed of, applying the assumptions described above. The income tax receivable agreement provides that in the event that we breach any of our material obligations under it, whether as a result of our failure to make any payment when due (subject to a specified cure period), failure to honor any other material obligation under it or by operation of law as a result of the rejection of it in a case commenced under the United States Bankruptcy Code or otherwise, then all our payment and other obligations under the income tax receivable agreement will be accelerated and will become due and payable applying the same assumptions described above. Such payments could be substantial and could exceed our actual cash tax savings under the income tax receivable agreement. Payments obligations under the income tax receivable agreement are our obligations and not obligations of any of our subsidiaries. Because we are a holding company with no operations of our own, our ability to make payments under the income tax receivable agreement is dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to us. Our existing and future debt agreement, as well as restrictions in government programs, may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to us, which could affect our ability to make payments under the income tax receivable agreement. The actual utilization of the Pre-IPO Tax Attributes as well as the timing of any payments under the income tax receivable agreement will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the amount, character and timing of our and our subsidiaries’ taxable income in the future. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the income tax receivable agreement for any reason, other than due to restrictions under our or our subsidiaries’ indebtedness, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 5.00% per annum until paid. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under the income tax receivable agreement due to restrictions under our and our subsidiaries’ indebtedness, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 3.00% per annum until paid. Based on our current income projections, we anticipate that payments under the income tax receivable agreement will be made when, and in amounts equal to 85% of, the cash tax saving we actually realize as a result of utilization of Pre-IPO Tax Attributes. However, due to the manner in which payments under the income tax receivable agreement are calculated, such payments may be greater than, and made in advance of, our actual cash tax savings attributable to the Pre-IPO Tax Attributes. No payments under the income tax receivable agreement will be required until at least 12 months after the closing date of our initial public offering. Our first obligations to pay amounts owed to our pre-IPO stockholders under the income tax receivable agreement will not arise until 2023 at the earliest. In addition, if we are prohibited from making payments under the income tax receivable agreement for tax benefits utilized during any periods pursuant to the CARES Act or other governmental programs, we will not be required to make such payments to Pre-IPO stockholders for tax benefits utilized during such periods. Further, if the Company enters into indebtedness with a government entity of the United States that prohibits payments and will not allow such payments to be deferred, then such payments will not need to be made. 160 Table of Contents PRINCIPAL AND SELLING STOCKHOLDERS The following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 30, 2021, by: ● the selling stockholders; ● each person, or group of affiliated persons, who we know to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; ● each of our named executive officers for fiscal year 2020; ● each of our current directors; and ● all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to such securities. Except as otherwise indicated, all persons listed below have sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person or entity named in the table below is 2005 Cargo Road, Minneapolis, MN 55450. Upon completion of this offering, we expect that Apollo and its affiliates, including the Apollo Stockholder, will no longer beneficially own more than 50% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. See “ Description 161 Table of Contents of Capital Stock— Composition of Board of Directors; Election and Removal ” and “ Description of Capital Stock— Certain Corporate Anti-takeover Provisions .” ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Shares of Common ​ Shares of Common ​ Shares of Common ​ Shares of Common ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Stock to be Sold in the ​ Stock to be Sold in the ​ Stock Beneficially ​ Stock Beneficially ​ ​ Shares of Common ​ Offering Assuming ​ Offering Assuming ​ Owned After the ​ Owned After the ​ ​ Stock Beneficially ​ Underwriters’ ​ Underwriters’ ​ Offering Assuming Underwriters’ ​ Offering Assuming ​ ​ Owned Before the ​ Option is Not ​ Option is ​ Option is Not ​ Underwriters’ ​ ​ Offering ​ Exercised ​ Exercised ​ Exercised ​ Option is Exercised ​ Number Percent Number Number Number Percent Number Percent 5% Stockholders and Other Selling Stockholders ​ ​ ​ SCA Horus Holdings, LLC (1) 32,562,520 ​ 56.6 % 7,000,000 ​ 7,670,000 ​ 25,562,520 ​ 44.4 % 24,892,520 ​ 43.0 % Jude Bricker (2) ​ 1,592,710 ​ * ​ 1,000,000 ​ 1,500