Investing in our Class B common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described
below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before deciding whether to purchase shares of our Class B common stock. If
any of the following risks are realized, our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our Class B common stock could decline, and you could lose part or
all of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry The truckload and transportation industry is affected by economic and business risks that are largely beyond our control. The truckload industry is highly cyclical, and our business is dependent on a number of factors that may have a negative impact on our
operating results, many of which are beyond our control. A substantial portion of our freight is from customers in the general merchandise and consumer products goods industries. As such, our volumes are largely dependent on consumer spending and
retail sales and our results may be more susceptible to trends in unemployment and retail sales than carriers that do not have this concentration. We believe that some of the most significant factors beyond our control that may negatively impact our operating results are economic changes
that affect supply and demand in transportation markets, such as: • recessionary economic cycles, such as the period from 2007 to 2009; • changes in customers’ inventory levels, including shrinking product/package sizes, and in the availability of funding for their working capital; • commercial (Class A) driver shortages; • industry compliance with an ongoing regulatory environment; • excess truck capacity in comparison with shipping demand; and • downturns in customers’ business cycles, which may be caused by declines in consumer spending. The risks associated with these factors are heightened when the United States economy is weakened. Some of the principal risks during such
times are as follows: • low overall freight levels, which may impair our asset utilization; • customers with credit issues and cash flow problems; • changing freight patterns resulting from redesigned supply chains, resulting in an imbalance between our capacity and customer demand; • customers bidding out freight or selecting competitors that offer lower rates, in an attempt to lower their costs, forcing us to lower our rates or lose freight; and • more unbilled miles incurred to obtain loads. Economic conditions that decrease shipping
demand or increase the supply of capacity in the truckload transportation industry can exert downward pressure on rates and equipment utilization, thereby decreasing asset productivity. Declining freight levels and rates, a prolonged recession or
general economic instability could result in declines in our results of operations, which declines may be material. We also are subject
to cost increases outside our control that could materially reduce our profitability if we are unable to increase our rates sufficiently. Such cost increases include, but are not limited to, fuel and energy 20 Table of Contents prices, driver wages, taxes and interest rates, tolls, license and registration fees, insurance premiums, regulations, revenue equipment and related maintenance costs and healthcare and other
benefits for our associates. We cannot predict whether, or in what form, any such cost increase or event could occur. Any such cost increase or event could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, events outside our control, such as strikes or other work stoppages at our facilities or at customer, port, border or other
shipping locations, weather, actual or threatened armed conflicts or terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, military action against a foreign state or group located in a foreign state or heightened security requirements could lead to
reduced economic demand, reduced availability of credit or temporary closing of shipping locations or United States borders. Such events or enhanced security measures in connection with such events could impair our operations and result in higher
operating costs. The truckload and transportation industry is highly competitive and fragmented, which subjects us to competitive
pressures pertaining to pricing, capacity and service. Our operating segments compete with many truckload carriers, some LTL
carriers, railroads, logistics, brokerage, freight forwarding and other transportation companies. The North American surface transportation market is highly competitive and fragmented. Some of our customers may utilize their own private fleets
rather than outsourcing loads to us. Some of our competitors may have greater access to equipment, a larger fleet, a wider range of services, preferential dedicated customer contracts, greater capital resources or other competitive advantages.
Numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain or improve our profitability. These factors include the following: • Many of our competitors periodically reduce their freight rates to gain business, especially during times of reduced growth in the economy. This may make it difficult for us to maintain or increase freight rates, or may
require us to reduce our freight rates. Additionally, it may limit our ability to maintain or expand our business. • We recently expanded our presence in the final mile market, with our acquisition of Watkins & Shepard and Lodeso. This is a difficult to serve market and we face competition in this market from competitors that have
operated in this market for several years, which may hinder our ability to compete and gain market share. • Since some of our customers also operate their own private trucking fleets, they may decide to transport more of their own freight. • Some shippers have selected core carriers for their shipping needs, for which we may not be selected. • Many customers periodically solicit bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, despite the existence of dedicated contracts, which may depress freight rates or result in a loss of business to our competitors. • The continuing trend toward consolidation in the trucking industry may result in more large carriers with greater financial resources and other competitive advantages, with which we may have difficulty competing. • Higher fuel prices and higher fuel surcharges to our customers may cause some of our customers to consider freight transportation alternatives, including rail transportation. • Advancements in technology may necessitate that we increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher freight rates to cover the cost of these investments. • Competition from freight logistics and brokerage companies may negatively impact our customer relationships and freight rates. • Smaller carriers may build economies of scale with procurement aggregation providers, which may improve such carriers’ abilities to compete with us. 21 Table of Contents We may not be able to effectively manage and implement our organic growth strategies. While we currently believe we can grow our profits and cash flows organically through further penetration of existing customers
and by expanding our customer base, we may not be able to effectively and successfully implement such strategies and realize our stated goals. Our goals may be negatively affected by a failure to further penetrate our existing customer base,
cross-sell our service offerings, pursue new customer opportunities, manage the operations and expenses of new or growing service offerings or otherwise achieve growth of our service offerings. Successful execution of our business strategies may not
result in us achieving our current business goals. Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the Schneider
brand. We believe that the Schneider brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and efficiency, and is one of our
most important and valuable assets. The Schneider brand name and our corporate reputation are significant sales and marketing tools, and we devote substantial resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified)
relating to activities by our associates, contractors or agents, such as accidents, customer service mishaps or noncompliance with laws, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. With the increased use of social media outlets
such as YouTube, Facebook and Twitter, adverse publicity can be disseminated quickly and broadly, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services
and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. We have several major customers, the loss of one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. A significant portion of our operating revenue is generated from a number of major customers, the loss of one or more of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. For the year ended December 31, 2015, our top 20 customers accounted for approximately 43% of our revenue, our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 30% of our revenue, our top 5 customers accounted
for approximately 22% of our revenue and our largest customer accounted for less than 10% of our revenue. Economic and capital markets conditions may adversely affect our customers and their ability to remain solvent. Our customers’ financial
difficulties can negatively impact our business and operating results and financial condition