—Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” The patent positions of biotechnology companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions.
Our commercial success will also depend in part on not infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties. Third-party patents could require us to alter our development or commercial strategies, or our products or processes, obtain licenses or
cease certain activities. Our breach of any license agreements or our failure to obtain a license to proprietary rights required to develop or commercialize our future products may have a material adverse impact on us. If third parties prepare and
file patent applications in the United States that also claim technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference or derivation proceedings in the USPTO to determine priority of invention. For more information, see
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” When available to expand market exclusivity, our strategy is to
obtain, or license additional intellectual property related to current or contemplated development platforms, core elements of technology and/or clinical candidates. As of December 9, 2020, our solely owned patent estate included four issued U.S. patents, two issued foreign patents, over five pending U.S.
patent applications, two pending international (PCT) patent applications, and over nine foreign patent applications (pending in Canada, China, Europe, Hong Kong and Japan). With regard to SNS-301, we own one pending U.S. patent application and two issued U.S. patents with composition of matter claims covering
SNS-301. The issued U.S. patents and U.S. patent application, if issued, are expected to expire in 2033, subject to payment of required maintenance fees, annuities and other charges. We also own one issued European EP patent (in force in France,
Germany and the United Kingdom) and five pending foreign patent applications (pending in Canada, Europe, Hong Kong and Japan), where the EP European patent and the pending foreign patent applications, if issued, are expected to expire in 2034. 115 Table of Contents We own one pending U.S. patent application and one pending, published PCT application with claims
directed to methods for using and making the SNS-301 product candidate. The U.S. patent application and patent applications claiming the benefit of the PCT application, if issued, are expected to expire in 2039, subject to payment of required
maintenance fees, annuities and other charges. We own one pending U.S. patent application and one pending, published PCT application
relating to methods for using the SNS-301 product candidate in combination with immune checkpoint protein inhibitors. The U.S. patent application and patent applications claiming the benefit of the PCT application, if issued, are expected to expire
in 2040, subject to payment of required maintenance fees, annuities and other charges. We own one provisional U.S. patent application
relating to phage-based vaccines targeting SARS-CoV-2 proteins. Subject to payment of required maintenance fees, annuities and other charges, and assuming either U.S. non-provisional or foreign patent applications are filed at the appropriate time,
if issued, are projected to expire in 2041. License Agreement with Fred Hutch In connection with our acquisition of Alvaxa Biosciences, Inc., or Alvaxa, in May 2020, we acquired a non-exclusive license agreement, or the Fred Hutch Agreement, with Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, or Fred Hutch, which was originally entered into in January 2020 and amended in March 2020. Pursuant
to the Fred Hutch Agreement, we obtained a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, worldwide license to possess, maintain, and use certain biological materials, including
llama-derived antibodies, for any and all uses. Under the Fred Hutch Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize at least one product containing or derived from an antibody in any form, or a
developed product. As partial consideration for the licensed rights granted under the Fred Hutch Agreement, Alvaxa issued Fred Hutch
1,429,412 shares of its common stock, which were subsequently exchanged for 2,191,514 shares of our common stock in connection with our acquisition of Alvaxa. Under the Fred Hutch Agreement, we are obligated to pay an annual license maintenance fee
ranging from the mid-single digit thousands to approximately $0.1 million, depending on net sales of developed products in a given calendar year. We are also obligated to pay up to $300,000 in development
milestone payments for each therapeutic developed product and up to $165,000 for each diagnostic developed product, in each case including each unique target covered by such developed product. We have no obligation to pay royalties under the Fred
Hutch Agreement. The Fred Hutch Agreement expires 20 years after the effective date. We may terminate the agreement for convenience, and
Fred Hutch may terminate the agreement for our insolvency. Either party may terminate the agreement for breach of material obligations by such other party. Trademarks, Trade Secrets and Know-How Our trademark portfolio currently consists of two registered trademarks and one trademark application. In addition to patent and trademark
protection, we rely upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part,
using confidentiality agreements with our commercial partners, collaborators, employees, and consultants, and employees. These and other agreements, such as invention assignment agreements, grant us ownership of technologies that are developed
through a relationship with a third party. Competition The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries have made substantial investments in recent years into the rapid development of novel
immunotherapies for the treatment of a range of pathologies, including cancers and infectious diseases, making this a highly competitive market. 116 Table of Contents We face substantial competition from multiple sources, including large and specialty
pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Our competitors compete with us on the level of the technologies employed, or on
the level of development of product candidates. In addition, many small biotechnology companies have formed collaborations with large, established companies to (i) obtain support for their research, development and commercialization of products
or (ii) combine several treatment approaches to develop longer lasting or more efficacious treatments that may potentially directly compete with our current or future product candidates. We anticipate that we will continue to face increasing
competition as new therapies and combinations thereof, technologies, and data emerge within the field of immunotherapy and, furthermore, within the treatment of cancers and infectious diseases. In addition to the current standard of care treatments for patients with cancers and infectious diseases, numerous commercial and academic
preclinical studies and clinical trials are being undertaken by a large number of parties to assess novel technologies and product candidates in the field of immunotherapy. Results from these studies and trials have fueled increasing levels of
interest in the field of immunotherapy. Large pharmaceutical companies that have commercialized or are developing immunotherapies to
treat cancer include AstraZeneca, Bristol Myers Squibb, Gilead Sciences, Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, and Roche/Genentech. On the technology
level, other companies which can potentially develop competing product candidates which act to stimulate the body’s immune response as a treatment for SCCHN and other solid tumors include companies developing cell-based therapeutics such as CAR-T/TCR/NK therapies as well as companies developing therapeutic vaccines including BioNTech, Moderna, Gritstone Oncology and Oncorus, among others. In addition, a number of companies are developing oncolytic
virus approaches, including Boehringer Ingelheim, Johnson and Johnson, Regeneron, Vyriad, Replimune and Turnstone. Amgen has received FDA approval for its oncolytic virus-based product, T-VEC. Ablynx, a
subsidiary of Sanofi, and Oncorus are actively pursuing the development of nanobodies as therapeutics. Many of our competitors, either
alone or in combination with their respective strategic partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, the regulatory approval process, and marketing than we do. Mergers and
acquisition activity in the pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology sector is likely to result in greater resource concentration among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through sizeable collaborative arrangements with
established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retain qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring
technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if one or more
of our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, better tolerated, or of greater convenience or economic benefit than our proposed product offering. Our competitors also may be in a position to obtain FDA or
other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly, resulting in a stronger or dominant market position before we are able to enter the market. The key compet