—Risks Related to the Facility—We may use proceeds from sales of our common stock made pursuant to the Purchase Agreement in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a significant return .” Chardan will pay any underwriting fees, discounts, selling commissions, stock transfer taxes and certain legal expenses incurred by Chardan in disposing of its shares of common stock, and we will bear all other costs, fees and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of such securities covered by this prospectus, including, without limitation, all registration and filing fees, Nasdaq listing fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public accountants. DETERMINATION OF OFFERING PRICE We cannot currently determine the price or prices at which the Senti Common Shares may be sold by Chardan under this prospectus. Our Common Shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “SNTI.” MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION Market Price Senti Common Shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “SNTI”. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination our common shares were traded on Nasdaq under the symbol “DYNS”. The closing price of the Senti Common Shares on September 7, 2022 was $1.96 per share. Holders As of September 1, 2022, there were 156 holders of record of the Senti Common Shares. The number of holders of record does not include for example a substantially greater number of “street name” holders or beneficial holders whose Senti Common Shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Dividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends to date. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our Board at such time. Our ability to declare dividends may also be limited by restrictive covenants pursuant to any future debt financing agreements. 85 Table of Contents BUSINESS Unless the context otherwise requires, for purposes of this section, the terms “we,” “us,” “the Company” or “Senti” refer to Senti and its subsidiaries. Overview We are a preclinical biotechnology company developing next-generation cell and gene therapies engineered with our gene circuit platform technologies to fight challenging diseases. Our mission is to create a new generation of smarter medicines that outmaneuver complex diseases using novel and unprecedented approaches. To accomplish this mission, we have built a synthetic biology platform that we believe may enable us to program next-generation cell and gene therapies with what we refer to as “gene circuits.” These gene circuits, which we created from novel and proprietary combinations of genetic parts, are designed to reprogram cells with biological logic to sense inputs, compute decisions and respond to their respective cellular environments. We aim to design and optimize gene circuits through our Design-Build-Test-Learn Engine, or DBTL Engine, to improve the “intelligence” of cell and gene therapies in order to enhance their therapeutic effectiveness against a broad range of diseases that conventional medicines are unable to address. Our gene circuit platform technologies are designed to be applied in a modality-agnostic manner, with applicability to natural killer (NK) cells, T cells, tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs), stem cells including Hematopoietic Stem Cells (HSCs), in vivo gene therapy and messenger ribonucleic acid (mRNA). All of our current product candidates are in preclinical development. Our lead product candidates utilize off-the-shelf chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) NK cells outfitted with our gene circuit technologies in several oncology indications with currently high unmet need. Subject to the successful completion of IND- enabling studies, we expect to file investigational new drug applications, or INDs, for multiple product candidates starting in 2023. The field of synthetic biology has evolved rapidly over the past few decades, and we believe that we are uniquely positioned to harness its potential to drive significant advances in medicine. Our scientific team is comprised of leaders in the space, and we have leveraged their expertise to create our scalable DBTL Engine and develop a proprietary knowledge database for therapeutic gene circuits. Our founders, Dr. Tim Lu, Dr. Philip Lee, Prof. James Collins, and Prof. Wilson Wong are pioneers in synthetic biology, gene circuits and cell and gene therapy, each having spent over twenty years advancing next-generation technologies in these areas. Our scientific founders and advisors are among the foremost leaders in their respective fields, having collectively published many of the seminal scientific papers in synthetic biology in top journals such as Nature, Science and Cell. Integrating disciplines from biology, chemistry and computer science, we have leveraged recent advances in DNA sequencing and synthesis, high-throughput experimentation and computational design, together with our intellectual property, to design, build and test gene circuits. We believe these are novel technologies, and we are not aware of U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, approved therapeutics utilizing similar technologies. As a result, these technologies may require significant resources in order to achieve regulatory approval. In preclinical studies, we have shown that our gene circuits are capable of carrying out sophisticated biological functions in a variety of disease models and we are preparing to advance our product candidates to clinical studies. We believe in the potential of gene circuits to enhance efficacy, precision and control of numerous cell and gene therapy products. Ultimately, we envision that cells running computations using our gene circuits in the human body will be able to outsmart a myriad of complex diseases. 86 Table of Contents The following figure illustrates how our gene circuit platform technologies may enable the creation of smarter medicines that can “sense inputs,” “compute decisions” and “respond with outputs” to impact diseases: Key Challenges to Existing Disease Treatments and Our Gene Circuit Solutions Key Challenges to Existing Disease Treatments Diseases often involve complex biological interactions, which limit the effectiveness of existing therapeutics that only have single mechanisms of action and are unable to adapt to dynamic disease states. We characterize these key challenges in the following four categories: Target Heterogeneity: Many diseases are heterogeneous and express antigens that are also present on healthy cells. The overlap of antigen expression on diseased and healthy cells limits the ability of existing therapies to target diseased cells at therapeutically relevant doses due to undesirable effects against healthy cells. For example, most cancers do not have a single antigen target that is uniformly expressed on all cancer cells with limited to no expression on non-cancerous cells. Thus, the ability to precisely distinguish between diseased cells and healthy cells has been a central challenge to date with current therapeutic approaches that do not encode logic, such as monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates and single-target CAR therapies. Modalities that can respond to multiple biomarkers, rather than just a single one, have the potential to open up the opportunity for more precise and efficacious medicines. Disease Evasion: Disease pathologies are multifaceted. For example, diseases can evade the immune system or acquire resistance to single-target treatments by activating other biological pathways. The tumor microenvironment (TME) of many solid tumors suppresses cancer-fighting immune cells via multiple pathways. To overcome these complex barriers, combination therapies that utilize multiple individual drugs are being explored clinically. However, manufacturing issues, regulatory aspects, pharmacology complexities and clinical challenges of using multiple individual drugs together can be difficult. A gene or cell therapy with the ability to activate multiple anti-tumor pathways within a single product could help limit disease evasion and may improve the durability of responses to treatment, while simplifying the translational path. Narrow Therapeutic Window: Once administered to a patient, conventional medicines, including cell and gene therapies, cannot be tuned up or down, which makes it difficult to find the optimal dose, especially for diseases that have a narrow therapeutic window. The ability to create therapeutics that can be titrated or regulated in vivo in the patient may lead to enhanced efficacy and safety. 87 Table of Contents Dynamic Disease Conditions: Disease conditions are dynamic and vary in space and time. For example, diseases may manifest only in certain tissues, or have a waxing and waning progression over time. Conventional therapies are (i) static, (ii) have a predefined activity around a single mechanism of action that cannot be modified post-administration and (iii) do not adapt to these dynamic conditions, thus limiting their efficacy, specificity and safety. For example, current cell and gene therapies are not dynamic or highly specific, thus limiting the indications that they can address. Developing dynamic therapeutics that are able to sense, and respond to, these spatially or temporally varying conditions would address this challenge. Our Gene Circuit Solutions We believe that our core gene circuit platform technologies may enable us to engineer smarter medicines. These technologies can be categorized as follows. Logic Gating: Logic Gating gene circuits are designed to enable cell and gene therapies to control their therapeutic activity in response to the presence or absence of multiple disease biomarkers. Below are examples of Logic Gates applied to cancer, although Logic Gating may al