An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this Prospectus before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. The trading price of our common stock, when and if we trade at a later date, could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Business Because our independent registered public accountants have issued a going concern opinion, there is substantial uncertainty that we will continue operations, in which case you could lose your investment. Our independent registered public accountants have issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an ongoing business for the next twelve months. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the uncertainty about our ability to continue in business. As such we may have to cease operations and you could lose your investment. We have a very limited operating history and we anticipate that we will incur net losses from our operations for the foreseeable future. We were incorporated on July 8, 2014 and have very limited operations. We have realized some revenues to date. Our proposed glass craft products distribution business is still under development and, combined with our limited operating history,this can make an evaluation of our future success or failure very difficult. Though our financial statements as of July 31, 2014 show a net profit of $5,090, we anticipate that we will incur net losses from our operations for the foreseeable future.This will happen because there are substantial costs and expenses associated with the development, marketing and distribution of our products. We may fail to generate revenues in the future. If we cannot attract a significant number of purchasers, we will not be able to generate any significant revenues or income. Failure to generate revenues will cause us to go out of business because we will not have the money to pay our ongoing expenses. 7 In particular, additional capital may be required in the event that: · the actual expenditures required to be made are at or above the higher range of our estimated expenditures; · we incur unexpected costs in completing the development of our business or encounter any unexpected difficulties; · we incur delays and additional expenses related to the distribution or procurement of our products; or · we are unable to create a substantial market for our products; or we incur any significant unanticipated expenses. The occurrence of any of the aforementioned events could adversely affect our ability to meet our business plans and achieve a profitable level of operations. If we are unable to obtain the necessary financing to implement our business plan we will not have the money to pay our ongoing expenses and we may go out of business. Because we have generated some small revenue from our business, and we are at least 12 months (from the date hereof) away from being in a position to generate larger revenues, we will need to raise significant, additional funds for the future development of our business and to respond to unanticipated requirements or expenses. Our ability to successfully market our products and to eventually distribute and generate operating revenues also depends on our ability to obtain the necessary financing to implement our business plan. Given that we have a very limited operating history and small revenues, we may not be able to achieve this goal, and we may go out of business. We may need to issue additional equity securities in the future to raise the necessary funds. We do not currently have any arrangements for additional financing and we can provide no assurance to investors we will be able to find such financing if further funding is required. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number of factors, including investor acceptance of our glass craft products and our business model. The issuance of additional equity securities by us would result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of the original stockholders. Obtaining loans will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments, and there can be no assurance that we will even have sufficient funds to repay our future indebtedness or that we will not default on our future debts if we are able to even obtain loans. There can be no assurance that capital will continue to be available if necessary to meet future funding needs or, if the capital is available, that it will be on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain financing in the amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us, we may be forced to scale back or cease operations, which might result in the loss of some or all of your investment in our common stock. The glass craft products distribution market is fragmented and competitive and we may not be able to compete successfully with our existing competitors or new entrants into the markets we serve. The glass craft products distribution market is fragmented and competitive. Our competition varies by product line, customer classification and geographic market. The principal competitive factors in our industry are quality of product, pricing, delivery capabilities and availability of product. We will compete with many local, regional and national glass craft products distributors and dealers. In addition, some glass craft products suppliers might sell and distribute their products directly to our future customers, and the volume of such direct sales could increase in the future. Additionally, distributors of products similar to those distributed by us, such as distributors of glass craft products, may elect to sell and distribute to our future customers or enter into exclusive supplier arrangements with other distributors. Substantially all of our competitors have greater financial resources and may be able to withstand sales or price decreases more effectively than we can. We also expect to continue to face competition from new market entrants. We may be unable to continue to compete effectively with these existing or new competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 8 We depend on independent glass craft products suppliers for our business to operate. We are and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, substantially dependent on independent glass craft products suppliers to deliver our glass craft products. We do not have our own manufacturing facilities to produce our products. We are and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, entirely dependent on third parties to supply the products we need to operate our distribution business. While we have entered into supply agreements with three suppliers, we can make no assurance that we will be able to maintain these third-party relationships or establish additional relationships as necessary to support growth and profitability of our business on economically viable terms. As independent companies, these glass craft products suppliers make their own business decisions. Such suppliers may choose not to do business with us for a variety of reasons, including competition, brand identity, product standards and concerns regarding our economic viability. They may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they will produce and distribute the products we need for resale. In addition, their financial condition could also be adversely affected by conditions beyond our control and our business could suffer. We will face risks associated with any supplier’s failure to adhere to quality control and service guidelines we establish or failure to ensure an adequate and timely supply of product to our potential and future customers. Any of these factors could negatively affect our business and financial performance. If we are unable to obtain and maintain a source of supply for our products, our business will be materially and adversely affected. If we are unable to build and maintain our brand image and corporate reputation, our business may suffer. We are a new company, having been formed and commenced operations only in 2014. Our success depends on our ability to build and maintain the brand image for our glass craft products and effectively build the brand image for any new products. We cannot assure you that any expenditures on advertising and marketing will have the desired impact on our products’ brand image and on consumer preferences. Actual or perceived product quality issues or allegations of product flaws, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause consumers to choose other products. Allegations of product defects, even if untrue, may require us from time to time to recall a product from all of the markets in which the affected product was distributed. Product recalls would negatively affect our profitability and brand image. If we are unable to complete our plan to distribute our glass craft products, we will not be able to generate future revenues and you will lose your investment. We have not completed our full business plan to distribute our products. The success of our proposed business will depend on the completion of our plan and the acceptance of our glass craft products by the general public. Achieving such acceptance will require significant marketing investment. Once we are capable of greater distribution of our glass craft products, it may not be accepted by consumers at sufficient levels to support our operations and build our business. If our products are not accepted at sufficient levels, our business will fail. Changes in economic conditions that impact consumer spending could harm our business. Our financial performance is sensitive to chan