Investing
    in our securities involves a high degree of risk and purchasers of our securities may lose their entire investment. See “Risk
    Factors” for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding whether to invest in our securities. 3 Table of Contents RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities includes a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should consider carefully
the specific factors discussed below, together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus. If any of the following
risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects would likely be materially and adversely
affected. This could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline and could cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Summary
of Risk Factors: Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our company speculative or risky. This summary does not address all
of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can
be found below, after this summary, and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this prospectus and our other
filings with the SEC before making an investment decision in our securities. Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry ● We
    lack an established operating history on which to evaluate our consolidated business and determine if we will be able to execute
    our business plan, and we can give no assurance that our operations will result in profits. ● We
    incurred net losses for the in the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023, we cannot assure you as to when, or if we will become
    profitable and generate positive cash flows. ● We
    may need to raise additional capital to grow our business and satisfy our anticipated future liquidity needs, and we may not be able
    to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all. ● Our
    losses from operations could continue to raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability
    to continue as a going concern requires that we obtain sufficient funding to finance our operations. ● If
    we are unable to obtain additional funding when needed, our business operations will be harmed, and if we do obtain additional financing,
    our then-existing shareholders may suffer substantial dilution. ● Raising
    capital in the future could cause dilution to our existing shareholders and may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish
    rights. ● Rapid
    technological change in our market and/or changes in customer requirements could cause our products to become obsolete or require
    us to redesign our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. ● Product
    development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and our failure to develop marketable products in our various markets could
    adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. ● We
    compete with companies that have significantly more resources for their research and development efforts than we have or have received
    government contracts for the development of new products. ● Successful
    technical development of our products does not guarantee successful commercialization. ● Product
    quality problems, defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business,
    financial condition, results of operations and prospects. ● If
    we lose our rights to use software we currently license from third parties, we could be forced to seek alternative technology, which
    could increase our operating expenses and could adversely affect our ability to compete. ● We
    are dependent upon our distributors in certain jurisdictions to provide localized support and other local services which assist us
    in avoiding certain costs and investments. ● If
    critical components or raw materials used to manufacture our products become scarce or unavailable, then we may incur delays in manufacturing
    and delivery of our products, which could damage our business. 4 Table of Contents ● Our
    potential customers for our Safe-Pro USA products are likely to include U.S. Government or Government-related entities that are subject
    to appropriations by Congress. Reduced funding for defense procurement and research and development programs would likely adversely
    impact on our ability to generate revenues. ● Opportunities
    for expanded uses of our drone-based services in the United States are limited by federal and state laws and rulemaking. ● Rapidly
    evolving technological advances in aviation, aerospace, automation, and/or remote sensing may reduce demand for some of our service
    offerings. ● One
    of our key customers may bolster its in-house aerial drone capabilities, thereby reducing dependency on our services. ● Some
    of our products may be subject to government regulations pertaining to exportation, which may limit the markets in which we can sell
    some of our products. ● Economic
    conditions in the U.S. and worldwide could adversely affect our revenues. ● Sales
    to customers outside the United States or with international operations expose us to risks inherent in international sales. ● Geopolitical
    and macroeconomic events and conditions could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. ● We
    intend to pursue strategic transactions in the future, which could be difficult to implement, disrupt our business or change our
    business profile significantly. ● If
    we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, we could lose our ability to compete in the marketplace. ● If
    we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our ability to pursue the development of our technologies and products would
    be negatively affected. ● Other
    companies may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, which could materially increase our costs and harm our ability
    to generate future revenue and profit. ● Security
    breaches, including cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions could compromise our information, expose us to liability and harm
    our reputation and business. ● We
    do not carry insurance against all potential risks and losses, and our insurance might be inadequate to cover all of our losses or
    liabilities or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. ● The
    nature of our business involves significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity. ● If
    a successful product liability claim was made against us, our business could be seriously harmed. ● If
    we are unable to recruit and retain key management, technical and sales personnel, our business will be negatively affected. ● If
    we are required to reclassify independent contractors as employees, we may incur additional costs and taxes which could adversely
    affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. ● The
    control deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting may, until remedied, cause errors in our financial statements
    or cause our filings with the SEC to not be timely. 5 Table of Contents Risks
Related to our Common Stock ● A
    sustained, active trading market for our common stock may not be maintained, which may limit investors’ ability to sell shares
    at all or at an acceptable price. ● Our
    stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. ● We
    have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common
    stock in the foreseeable future. ● There
    is an increased potential risk for new public companies similar to ours of rapid and substantial price volatility which may add to
    the risk of investing in our company. ● We
    will likely need to raise additional capital in the future. Additional capital may not be available to us on reasonable terms, if
    at all, when or as we require. If we issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that may be convertible into,
    or exercisable or exchangeable for, our common stock, our existing stockholders will experience further dilution and could trigger
    anti-dilution provisions in outstanding warrants. ● Our
    officers and directors are entitled to indemnification from us for liabilities under our certificate of incorporation, which could
    be costly to us and may discourage the exercise of stockholder rights. ● Our
    bylaws and Delaware law may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management, which could
    have the result of depressing the trading price of our common stock. ● If
    equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade
    our common stock, the market price of our common stock will likely decline. ● Our
    certificate of incorporation and bylaws provides that the state and federal courts located in the State of Delaware will be the exclusive
    forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain
    a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. ● Our
    certificate of incorporation allows our board of directors to create a new series of preferred stock without further approval by
    our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the holders of our common stock. ● Our
    failure to meet the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq could result in de-listing of our common stoc