.” Overview We are a late-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing novel therapies for rare endocrine disorders with significant
unmet medical need. We are initially developing our wholly-owned product candidate, tildacerfont, as the potential first non-steroidal therapy to offer markedly improved disease control and reduce steroid
burden for patients suffering from classic CAH. Classic CAH is a serious and life-threatening disease with no known novel therapies approved in approximately 50 years. In a 12-week Phase 2a proof-of-concept clinical trial, tildacerfont-treated patients suffering from classic CAH who had poor disease control despite being on standard of care therapy achieved
approximately 80% reductions in hormones that are key indicators of poor disease control. Furthermore, 163 subjects across six clinical trials to date have been administered tildacerfont with no drug-related SAEs reported. We have initiated a placebo-controlled, double-blind Phase 2b clinical trial in adult patients with classic CAH with poor disease control and anticipate
topline results in the fourth quarter of 2021 or the first quarter of 2022. We have also initiated a second Phase 2b clinical trial in adult patients with classic CAH with good disease control focused on glucocorticoid reduction and anticipate
topline results in the first half of 2022. Based on post-hoc analyses of our clinical data to date, we have chosen to target two distinct groups of classic CAH patients with either good disease control or poor disease control. These two groups,
which together make up the entire classic CAH patient population, have differing disease challenges centered on excessive adrenal androgen levels or excessive glucocorticoid usage, both of which have the potential to be addressed by treatment with
tildacerfont, if approved. We believe our strategy may enable us to observe clinically meaningful outcomes with fewer total patients studied. Additionally, we believe these two clinical trials will provide sufficient patient exposures for our
registrational safety database. Assuming positive results in the glucocorticoid reduction trial, we plan to meet with the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in 2022 to discuss registration. Since our inception in November 2014, we have focused primarily on raising capital, establishing and protecting our intellectual property portfolio,
organizing and staffing our company, business planning, and conducting preclinical and clinical development of, and manufacturing development for, our only product candidate, tildacerfont. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have
not generated any revenue to date, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. Our ability to generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability, if ever, will depend
on the successful development of tildacerfont and any future product candidates, which we expect will take a number of years. We intend to build a highly specialized commercial organization to support the commercialization of tildacerfont, if
approved, in the United States and Europe. Given a relatively small number of endocrinologists and specialists treat patients with classic CAH, we believe this market can be effectively addressed with a modest-sized targeted commercial sales force, alongside various high-touch patient initiatives. If tildacerfont is approved for additional indications, we plan to leverage our rare disorder commercial
infrastructure and 91 Table of Contents expertise to efficiently address those patient populations. We may also either build a commercial infrastructure or opportunistically seek strategic collaborations to benefit from the resources
of biopharmaceutical companies specialized in either relevant disease areas or geographies. Since inception, we have incurred significant losses
and negative cash flows from operations. During the year ended December 31, 2019, we incurred a net loss of $13.1 million and used $12.6 million of cash in operations. During the six months ended June 30, 2020, we incurred a net
loss of $11.6 million and used $10.7 million of cash in operations. As of June 30, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $42.9 million, and we do not expect positive cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future. We
expect to continue to incur significant and increasing losses for the foreseeable future, and our net losses may fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the timing of expenditures on our planned research and development
activities. Since inception, we have raised aggregate gross financing proceeds of $120.5 million, including $116.0 million from the sale
of our redeemable convertible preferred stock and $4.5 million from the issuance of debt. As of June 30, 2020, we had cash and cash equivalents of $36.6 million. In February 2020, we agreed to issue and sell up to
73,333,330 shares of our Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock at $1.20 per share for aggregate proceeds of approximately $88.0 million to take place in two closings. In February 2020, pursuant to the initial closing, we issued and
sold 36,666,665 shares of our Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock for approximately $43.6 million in net proceeds. In August 2020, pursuant to a secondary closing, we issued and sold an additional 36,666,665 shares of
our Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock for approximately $44.0 million in net proceeds. We believe, based on our current operating plan, that the net proceeds from this offering, together with our cash and cash equivalents as
of June 30, 2020, and the net proceeds of approximately $44.0 million from the issuance and sale of an aggregate of 36,666,665 shares of our Series B redeemable convertible preferred stock in August 2020, will be sufficient to fund our
operations for at least the next 12 months. We have based this projection on assumptions that may be inaccurate and as a result, we may utilize our capital resources sooner than we expect. We expect our expenses will increase significantly in
connection with our ongoing activities, as we: ∎ advance tildacerfont through our ongoing Phase 2b clinical trials in adult patients with classic CAH; ∎ pursue regulatory approvals of tildacerfont in adult patients with classic CAH; ∎ advance clinical development of tildacerfont in additional indications, including pediatric classic CAH and a subpopulation
of females with a rare form of PCOS; ∎ build a highly specialized commercial organization to support the commercialization of tildacerfont, if approved, in the
United States and Europe; ∎ build a commercial infrastructure or opportunistically seek strategic collaborations to benefit from the resources of
biopharmaceutical companies specialized in either relevant disease areas or geographies, if tildacerfont is approved for additional indications; ∎ identify additional indications and formulations for which to investigate tildacerfont in the future and expand our
pipeline of product candidates; ∎ implement operational, financial, and management information systems; ∎ hire additional personnel; ∎ operate as a public company; and ∎ obtain, maintain, expand, and protect our intellectual property portfolio. As a result, we will require substantial additional capital to develop tildacerfont and any future product candidates and fund operations for the
foreseeable future. Until such time as we can generate sufficient revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through a 92 Table of Contents combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, and licensing arrangements. We may be unable to raise additional funds or to enter into such agreements or
arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United
States and worldwide resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to slow its spread, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in
economic growth, increases in unemployment rates, and uncertainty about economic stability. If the equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. If we
are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back, or discontinue the development or commercialization of tildacerfont or other research and development
initiatives. We also could be required to seek collaborators for tildacerfont and any future product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available or relinquish
or license on unfavorable terms our rights to tildacerfont and any future product candidates in markets where we otherwise would seek to pursue development or commercialization ourselves. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors including the pace and results of our development efforts. We
cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. We rely, and expect to continue to
rely, on third parties for the manufacture of tildacerfont for preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as for commercial manufacture if tildacerfont obtains marketing approval. We also rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties
to manufacture, package, label, store, and distribute tildacerfont, if marketing approval is obtained. We believe that this strategy allows us to maintain a more efficient infrastructure by eliminating the need f