You should carefully consider the risks described below
    before making an investment decision. Our business could be
    harmed by any of these risks. The trading price of our common
    stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose
    all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you
    should also refer to the other information contained in this
    prospectus, including our financial statements and related
    notes. Risks
    Related to Our Business and Industry The
    market for on-demand supply chain management solutions is at an
    early stage of development. If this market does not develop or
    develops more slowly than we expect, our revenues may decline or
    fail to grow and we may incur operating losses. We derive, and expect to continue to derive, substantially all
    of our revenues from providing on-demand supply chain management
    solutions to suppliers. The market for on-demand supply chain
    management solutions is in an early stage of development, and it
    is uncertain whether these solutions will achieve and sustain
    high levels of demand and market acceptance. Our success will
    depend on the willingness of suppliers to accept our on-demand
    supply chain management solutions as an alternative to
    traditional licensed hardware and software solutions. Some suppliers may be reluctant or unwilling to use our
    on-demand supply chain management solutions for a number of
    reasons, including existing investments in supply chain
    management technology. Supply chain management functions
    traditionally have been performed using purchased or licensed
    hardware and software implemented by each supplier. Because this
    traditional approach often requires significant initial
    investments to purchase the necessary technology and to
    establish systems that comply with retailers’ unique
    requirements, suppliers may be unwilling to abandon their
    current solutions for our on-demand supply chain management
    solutions. Other factors that may limit market acceptance of our on-demand
    supply chain management solutions include: • our ability to maintain high levels of customer satisfaction; • our ability to maintain continuity of service for all users of
    our platform; • the price, performance and availability of competing
    solutions; and • our ability to assuage suppliers’ confidentiality concerns
    about information stored outside of their controlled computing
    environments. If suppliers do not perceive the benefits of our on-demand
    supply chain management solutions, or if suppliers are unwilling
    to accept our platform as an alternative to the traditional
    approach, the market for our solutions might not continue to
    develop or might develop more slowly than we expect, either of
    which would significantly adversely affect our revenues and
    growth prospects. We do not
    have long-term contracts with our recurring revenue customers,
    and our success therefore depends on our ability to maintain a
    high level of customer satisfaction and a strong reputation in
    the supply chain management industry. Our contracts with our recurring revenue customers typically
    allow the customer to cancel the contract for any reason with
    30 days prior notice. Our continued success therefore
    depends significantly on our ability to meet or exceed our
    recurring revenue customers’ expectations because most
    recurring revenue customers do not make long-term commitments to
    use our solutions. In addition, if our reputation in the supply
    chain management industry is harmed or diminished for any
    reason, our recurring revenue customers have the ability to
    terminate their relationship with us on short notice and seek
    alternative supply chain management solutions. If a significant 8 Table of Contents number of recurring revenue customers seek to terminate their
    relationship with us, our business, results of operations and
    financial condition can be adversely affected in a short period
    of time. Continued
    economic weakness and uncertainty could adversely affect our
    revenue, lengthen our sales cycles and make it difficult for us
    to forecast operating results accurately. Our revenues depend significantly on general economic conditions
    and the health of retailers. Economic weakness and constrained
    retail spending adversely affected revenue growth rates in late
    2008 and similar circumstances may result in slower growth, or
    reductions, in revenues and gross profits in the future. We have
    experienced, and may experience in the future, reduced spending
    in our business due to the current financial turmoil affecting
    the U.S. and global economy, and other macroeconomic
    factors affecting spending behavior. Uncertainty about future
    economic conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast
    operating results and to make decisions about future
    investments. In addition, economic conditions or uncertainty may
    cause customers and potential customers to reduce or delay
    technology purchases, including purchases of our solutions. Our
    sales cycle may lengthen if purchasing decisions are delayed as
    a result of uncertain information technology or development
    budgets or contract negotiations become more protracted or
    difficult as customers institute additional internal approvals
    for information technology purchases. Delays or reductions in
    information technology spending could have a material adverse
    effect on demand for our solutions, and consequently our results
    of operations, prospects and stock price. If we are
    unable to attract new customers, or sell additional solutions,
    or if our customers do not increase their use of our solutions,
    our revenue growth and profitability will be adversely
    affected. To increase our revenues and achieve and maintain profitability,
    we must regularly add new customers, sell additional solutions
    and our customers must increase their use of the solutions for
    which they currently subscribe. We intend to grow our business
    by hiring additional inside sales personnel, developing
    strategic relationships with resellers, including resellers that
    incorporate our applications in their offerings, and increasing
    our marketing activities. In addition, we derived more than 90%
    of our revenues from sales of our Trading Partner Integration
    solution in 2007, 2008, 2009 and the nine months ended
    September 30, 2010, and have not yet received significant
    revenues from solutions and applications that we introduced in
    2009. If we are unable to hire or retain quality sales
    personnel, convert companies that have been referred to us by
    our existing network into paying customers, ensure the
    effectiveness of our marketing programs, or if our existing or
    new customers do not perceive our solutions to be of
    sufficiently high value and quality, we might not be able to
    increase sales and our operating results will be adversely
    affected. In addition, if we fail to sell our new solutions to
    existing or new customers, we will not generate anticipated
    revenues from these solutions, our operating results will suffer
    and we might be unable to grow our revenues or achieve or
    maintain profitability. Our
    quarterly results of operations may fluctuate in the future,
    which could result in volatility in our stock price. Our quarterly revenues and results of operations have varied in
    the past and may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors,
    including the success of our new offerings such as our Trading
    Partner Intelligence solution. If our quarterly revenues or
    results of operations fluctuate, the price of our common stock
    could decline substantially. Fluctuations in our results of
    operations may be due to a number of factors, including, but not
    limited to, those listed below and identified throughout this
    “Risk Factors” section in this prospectus: • our ability to retain and increase sales to customers and
    attract new customers, including our ability to maintain and
    increase our number of recurring revenue customers; • the timing and success of introductions of new solutions or
    upgrades by us or our competitors; • the strength of the economy, in particular as it affects the
    retail sector; • changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 9 Table of Contents • competition, including entry into the industry by new
    competitors and new offerings by existing competitors; • the amount and timing of our expenses, including stock-based
    compensation and expenditures related to expanding our
    operations, supporting new customers, performing research and
    development, or introducing new solutions; and • changes in the payment terms for our solutions. Due to the foregoing factors, and the other risks discussed in
    this prospectus, you should not rely on quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our
    future performance. We have
    incurred operating losses in the past and may incur operating
    losses in the future. We began operating our supply chain management solution business
    in 1997. Throughout most of our history, we have experienced net
    losses and negative cash flows from operations. As of
    September 30, 2010, we had an accumulated deficit of
    $63.2 million. We expect our operating expenses to increase
    in the future as we expand our operations. Furthermore, since
    our initial public offering in April 2010, we have experienced a
    significant increase in legal, accounting and other expenses
    that we did not incur as a private company. If our revenues do
    not continue to grow to offset these increased expenses, we may
    not be profitable. We c