—Risks Related to the Stock
Offering—Our stock-based benefit plan will increase our expenses and reduce our income ” and “ Management—Benefits to be Considered Following Completion of the Stock Offering .” Critical Accounting Policies Certain of
our accounting policies are important to the presentation of our financial condition, since they require management to make difficult, complex or subjective judgments, some of which may relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates
associated with these policies are susceptible to material changes as a result of changes in facts and circumstances. Facts and circumstances that could affect these judgments include, but are not limited to, changes in interest rates, changes in
the performance of the economy and changes in the financial condition of borrowers. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an
“emerging growth company” we plan to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Accordingly, our consolidated financial
statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of public companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Management believes our most critical accounting policies, which involve the most complex or subjective decisions or assessments, are as
follows: allowance for loan losses and the valuation of our deferred tax assets. Allowance for Loan Losses : The allowance for loan
losses is a valuation allowance for probable and reasonably estimable incurred credit losses in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the collectability of a loan
balance is not probable. Subsequent 70 Table of Contents recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance required for all portfolio segments using past loan loss experience, the nature and volume of the
portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and estimated collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that,
in management’s judgment, should be charged off. The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component
of the allowance relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired. A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual
terms of the loan agreement. Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings and classified as impaired. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting
scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls
on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the
delay, the borrower’s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impaired
loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, or, as a practical expedient, at the loan’s observable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as consumer and residential real estate loans, are collectively evaluated for impairment. We have defined the population of impaired loans to generally be all non-accrual non-residential, multi-family, and construction and land loans, and troubled debt restructurings. Troubled debt restructured loans are those loans whose terms have been modified such that a concession has been granted because of
deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower. Modifications could include extension of the terms of the loan, reduced interest rates, and forgiveness of accrued interest and/or principal. Once an obligation has been classified a troubled
debt restructuring, it continues to be considered a troubled debt restructuring and is individually evaluated for impairment until paid in full. For a cash flow dependent loan, we record an impairment charge equal to the difference between the
present value of the estimated future cash flows under the restructured terms discounted at the loans original effective interest rate, and the original loan’s carrying amount. For a collateral dependent loan, we record an impairment when the
current estimated fair value, net of estimated costs to sell when necessary, of the property that collateralizes the impaired loan is less than the recorded investment in the loan. For all loan classes, the accrual of income on loans, including impaired loans, is generally discontinued when a loan becomes more than 90
days delinquent or when certain factors indicate reasonable doubt as to the ability of the borrower to meet contractual principal and/or interest obligations. Loans on which the accrual of income has been discontinued are designated as non-accrual loans. All previously accrued interest is reversed and income is recognized subsequently only in the period received, provided the remaining principal balance is deemed collectible. A non-accrual loan is not returned to an accrual status until principal and interest payments are brought current and factors indicating doubtful collection no longer exist. Principal and interest payments received on non-accrual loans for which the remaining principal
balance is not deemed collectible are applied as a reduction to principal and interest income is not recognized. If the principal balance on the loan is later deemed collectible and the loan is returned to accrual status, any interest payments that
were applied to principal while on non-accrual are recorded as an unearned discount on the loan, classified as deferred fees, costs and discounts, and are recognized into interest income using the level-yield
method over the remaining contractual life of the individual loan, adjusted for actual prepayments. The general component of the allowance covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience
adjusted for current qualitative factors. The historical loss experience is a quantitative factor determined by portfolio segment and is based on our actual loss history. This actual loss experience is supplemented with other factors based on
the risks present for each portfolio segment. These factors include consideration of the following: • Lending policies and procedures, including underwriting standards and collection, charge-off and recovery loans practices. 71 Table of Contents • National, regional and local economic and business conditions as well as the condition of various market
segments. • Nature and volume of the portfolio and terms of loans. • Volume and severity of past due, classified and non-accrual loans as well
as other loan modifications. • Existence and effect of any concentrations of credit and changes in the level of such concentrations. • Effect of external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements. • Value of underlying collateral for collateral dependent loans. • The experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff. • Quality of the institution’s loan review system. The loan portfolio is categorized according to collateral type, loan purpose, lien position, or borrower type (i.e., commercial, consumer).
The categories used include residential one-to-four family, multi-family, non-residential, construction and land, junior liens,
and consumer and other. Income Taxes : Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by a valuation allowance for the amount of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized. A tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is “more likely than not” that the tax position would be sustained in a tax
examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the “more likely than
not” test, no tax benefit is recorded. We recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in other operating
expenses. Business Strategy The
business strategy of the combined entity is to operate and grow a profitable community-oriented financial institution. Following completion of the conversion and related stock offering and the proposed Merger, we plan to achieve this by: Leveraging the residentia