, including economic instability, new competition, changes in laws and regulations, including the possibility that Halo could
be in violation of these laws and regulations as a result of such changes, and the effects of competition. In
addition, it may be difficult for Halo to understand and accurately predict taste preferences and purchasing habits of consumers in new
markets. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain operations and develop and promote Halo’s brands in new jurisdictions.
As Halo expands its business into other jurisdictions, Halo may encounter regulatory, legal, personnel, technological and other difficulties
that increase Halo’s expenses and/or delay Halo’s ability to become profitable in such countries, which may have a material
adverse effect on Halo’s business and brand. These factors may limit Halo’s capability to successfully expand Halo’s
operations in, or export Halo’s products to, those other jurisdictions. 28 There
may be decreased spending on pets in a challenging economic climate. A
challenging economic climate, including adverse changes in interest rates, volatile commodity markets and inflation, contraction in the
availability of credit in the market and reductions in consumer spending, or a slow-down in the general economy or a shift in consumer
preferences to less expensive products may result in reduced demand for Halo’s products which may affect Halo’s profitability.
Pet ownership and the purchase of pet-related products may constitute discretionary spending for some consumers and any material decline
in consumer discretionary spending may reduce overall levels of spending on pets. As a result, a challenging economic climate may cause
a decline in demand for Halo’s products which could be disproportionate as compared to competing pet food brands since Halo’s
products command a price premium. Since
a significant portion of Halo’s revenue has been derived from China, a slowdown in economic growth in China could adversely impact
the sales of Halo’s products in China, which could have a material adverse effect on Halo’s results of operations and financial
condition. In addition, a deterioration in trade relations between the U.S. and China or other countries, or the negative perception
of U.S. brands by Chinese or other international consumers, could have a material adverse effect on Halo’s results of operations
and financial condition. If
economic conditions result in decreased spending on pets and have a negative impact on Halo’s suppliers or distributors, Halo’s
business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Significant
merchandise returns or refunds could harm Halo’s business. Halo
allows Halo’s customers to return products or obtain refunds, subject to Halo’s return and refunds policy. If merchandise
returns or refunds are significant or higher than anticipated and forecasted, Halo’s business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected. Further, Halo modifies its policies relating to returns or refunds from time to time, and
may do so in the future, which may result in customer dissatisfaction and harm to Halo’s reputation or brand, or an increase in
the number of product returns or the amount of refunds Halo makes. Halo
may seek to grow Halo’s company and business through acquisitions, investments or through strategic alliances and Halo’s
failure to identify and successfully integrate and manage these assets could have a material adverse effect on the anticipated benefits
of the acquisition and Halo’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Halo
management expects to consider opportunities to acquire or make investments in new or complementary businesses, facilities, technologies
or products, or enter into strategic alliances, which may enhance Halo’s capabilities, expand Halo’s network, complement
Halo’s current products or expand the breadth of Halo’s markets. In 2019, Halo completed three significant acquisitions that
involved the combination of three businesses that historically have operated as independent companies. The success of these completed
acquisitions and any future acquisitions will depend in large part on the success of Halo’s management team in integrating the
operations, strategies, technologies and personnel. Potential and completed acquisitions, investments and other strategic alliances involve
numerous risks, including: problems integrating the purchased business, facilities, technologies or products; issues maintaining uniform
standards, procedures, controls and policies; assumed liabilities; unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions, investments or strategic
alliances; diversion of management’s attention from Halo’s existing business; adverse effects on existing business relationships
with suppliers, manufacturers, and retail customers; risks associated with entering new markets in which Halo has limited or no experience;
potential write-offs of acquired assets and/or an impairment of any goodwill recorded as a result of an acquisition; potential loss of
key employees of acquired businesses; and increased legal and accounting compliance costs. Halo
may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions if the integration process takes longer than expected
or is more costly than expected. Halo’s failure to meet the challenges involved in successfully integrating acquisitions, including
the operations of Halo, or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions could impair Halo’s financial
condition and results of operations. Furthermore, Halo does not know if Halo will be able to identify additional acquisitions or strategic
relationships Halo deems suitable or whether Halo will be able to successfully complete any such transactions on favorable terms or at
all. Halo’s ability to successfully grow through strategic transactions depends upon Halo’s ability to identify, negotiate,
complete and integrate suitable target businesses, facilities, technologies and products and to obtain any necessary financing. These
efforts could be expensive and time-consuming and may disrupt Halo’s ongoing business. 29 Premiums
for Halo’s insurance coverage may not continue to be commercially justifiable, and Halo’s insurance coverage may have limitations
and other exclusions and may not be sufficient to cover Halo’s potential liabilities. Halo
has insurance to protect Halo’s assets, operations and employees. While Halo management believes Halo’s insurance coverage
addresses all material risks to which Halo is exposed and is adequate and customary in Halo’s current state of operations, such
insurance is subject to coverage limits and exclusions and may not be available for the risks and hazards to which Halo is exposed. No
assurance can be given that such insurance will be adequate to cover Halo’s liabilities or will be generally available in the future
or, if available, that premiums will be commercially justifiable. If Halo is unable to obtain such insurances or if Halo were to incur
substantial liability and such damages were not covered by insurance or were in excess of policy limits, Halo may be prevented from entering
into certain business sectors, Halo’s growth may be inhibited, and Halo may be exposed to additional risk and financial liabilities,
which could have a material adverse effect on Halo’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially
adversely affected. Adverse
litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings relating to Halo’s business operations could materially adversely
affect Halo’s business, financial condition and results of operations. From
time to time, Halo is subject to allegations, and may be party to legal claims and regulatory proceedings, relating to Halo’s business
operations. Such allegations, claims and proceedings may be brought by third parties, including Halo’s customers, employees, governmental
or regulatory bodies or competitors. Defending against such claims and proceedings, regardless of their merits or outcomes, is costly
and time consuming and may divert management’s attention and personnel resources from Halo’s normal business operations,
and the outcome of many of these claims and proceedings cannot be predicted. If any of these claims or proceedings were to be determined
adversely to us, a judgment, a fine or a settlement involving a payment of a material sum of money were to occur, or injunctive relief
were issued against us, Halo’s reputation could be affected and Halo’s business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. If
third parties claim that Halo infringes upon their intellectual property rights, Halo’s business and results of operations could
be adversely affected. Any
claims of intellectual property infringement, even those without merit, could be expensive and time consuming to defend; could require
Halo to cease selling the products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; could require Halo to redesign, reengineer,
or rebrand the product, if feasible; could divert management’s attention and resources; or could require Halo to enter into royalty
or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third party’s intellectual property. Any royalty or licensing agreements,
if required, may not be available to Halo on acceptable terms or at all. A
successful claim of infringement against Halo could result in Halo’s being required to pay significant damages, enter into costly
license or royalty agreements, or stop the sale of certain products, any of which could have a negative impact on Halo’s business,
financial condition, results of operations and Halo’s future prospects. Failure
to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, other applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and applicable trade control
laws could subject Halo t