—Risks relating to our business—If
    we are unable to protect our proprietary technology, our success
    and our ability to compete will be subject to various risks,
    such as third-party infringement claims, unauthorized use of our
    technology, disclosure of our proprietary information or
    inability to license technology from third parties.” Rapid technological change characterizes the software
    development industry. We believe factors such as the
    technological and creative skills of our personnel, new product
    developments, frequent product enhancements, name recognition
    and reliable service and support are more important to
    establishing and maintaining a leadership position than legal
    protections of our technology. Employees As of December 31, 2010, we had 1,399 full-time
    employees, consisting of: • 242 employees in research and development, • 826 employees in consulting and services, • 90 employees in sales and marketing, • 127 employees in client support, and • 114 employees in finance and administration. As of December 31, 2010, 365 of our employees were in our
    international operations. No employee is covered by any
    collective bargaining agreement. We believe that we have a good
    relationship with our employees. Properties We lease our corporate offices, which consist of
    73,000 square feet of office space located in 80 Lamberton
    Road, Windsor, CT 06095. In 2006, we extended the lease term
    through October 101 Table of Contents 2016. Additionally, we utilize facilities and offices in
    eighteen other locations in the United States and have offices
    in Toronto, Canada; Montreal, Canada; London, England; Dublin,
    Ireland; Amsterdam, the Netherlands; Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia;
    Tokyo, Japan; Singapore; Curacao, the Netherlands Antilles; and
    Sydney, Australia. We believe that our facilities are in good
    condition and generally suitable to meet our needs for the
    foreseeable future; however, we will continue to seek additional
    space as needed to satisfy our growth. Legal
    proceedings From time to time, we are subject to certain legal proceedings
    and claims that arise in the normal course of business. In the
    opinion of our management, we are not involved in any litigation
    or proceedings with third parties that our management believes
    could have a material adverse effect on us or our business. 102 Table of Contents Management Executive
    officers and directors The following table sets forth information regarding our
    executive officers and directors, including their ages as of
    December 31, 2010: Name Age Position William C. Stone 55 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Normand A. Boulanger 48 President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Patrick J. Pedonti 59 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Stephen V.R. Whitman 63 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Campbell (Cam) R.
    Dyer (1) 37 Director William A.
    Etherington (1)(2) 69 Director Allan M.
    Holt (2)(3) 58 Director Claudius (Bud) E. Watts
    IV (2)(3) 49 Director Jonathan E.
    Michael (1) 56 Director (1) Member of our Audit Committee. (2) Member of our Compensation
    Committee. (3) Member of our Nominating Committee. William C. Stone founded SS&C in 1986 and has served
    as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
    Officer since our inception. He also has served as our President
    from inception through April 1997 and again from March 1999
    until October 2004. Prior to founding SS&C, Mr. Stone
    directed the financial services consulting practice of KPMG LLP,
    an accounting firm, in Hartford, Connecticut and was Vice
    President of Administration and Special Investment Services at
    Advest, Inc., a financial services company. He also serves on
    the board of directors of OpenLink Financial, Inc. Normand A. Boulanger has served as our President and
    Chief Operating Officer since October 2004. Prior to that,
    Mr. Boulanger served as our Executive Vice President and
    Chief Operating Officer from October 2001 to October 2004,
    Senior Vice President, SS&C Direct from March 2000 to
    September 2001, Vice President, SS&C Direct from April 1999
    to February 2000, Vice President of Professional Services for
    the Americas, from July 1996 to April 1999, and Director of
    Consulting from March 1994 to July 1996. Prior to joining
    SS&C, Mr. Boulanger served as Manager of Investment
    Accounting for The Travelers from September 1986 to March 1994.
    Mr. Boulanger was elected as one of our directors in
    February 2006. Patrick J. Pedonti has served as our Senior Vice
    President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2002. Prior
    to that, Mr. Pedonti served as our Vice President and
    Treasurer from May 1999 to August 2002. Prior to joining
    SS&C, Mr. Pedonti served as Vice President and Chief
    Financial Officer for Accent Color Sciences, Inc., a company
    specializing in high-speed color printing, from January 1997 to
    May 1999. Stephen V.R. Whitman has served as our Senior Vice
    President, General Counsel and Secretary since June 2002. Prior
    to joining SS&C, Mr. Whitman served as an attorney for
    PA Consulting Group, an international management consulting
    company headquartered in the United Kingdom, from November
    2000 to December 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Whitman served as 103 Table of Contents Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Hagler Bailly,
    Inc., a publicly traded international consulting company to the
    energy and network industries, from October 1998 to October 2000
    and as Vice President and General Counsel from July 1997 to
    October 1998. Campbell (Cam) R. Dyer was elected as one of our
    directors in May 2008. He currently serves as a Principal in the
    Technology Buyout Group of The Carlyle Group, which he joined in
    2002. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Dyer was an associate
    with the private equity firm William Blair Capital Partners (now
    Chicago Growth Partners), a consultant with Bain &
    Company and an investment banking analyst in the M&A Group
    of Bowles Hollowell Conner & Co. He also serves on the
    boards of directors of Open Solutions Inc. and OpenLink
    Financial, Inc. William A. Etherington was elected as one of our
    directors in May 2006. Mr. Etherington retired - after a 38-year career - from IBM in September 2001 as Senior Vice
    President and Group Executive, Sales and Distribution and a
    member of the Operations Committee and the Worldwide Management
    Council. As a corporate director, he currently serves on the
    boards of directors of Celestica Inc., Nordion Inc. and Onex
    Corporation, and is the retired non-executive Chairman of the
    Board of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC).
    Mr. Etherington served on the board of directors of CIBC
    from 1994 to 2009. Allan M. Holt was elected as one of our directors in
    February 2006. He currently serves as a Managing Director and
    Head of the U.S. Buyout Group of The Carlyle Group, which
    he joined in 1991. He previously was head of Carlyle’s
    Global Aerospace, Defense, Technology and Business/Government
    Services group. Prior to joining Carlyle, Mr. Holt spent
    three and a half years with Avenir Group, Inc., an investment
    and advisory group. From 1984 to 1987, Mr. Holt was
    Director of Planning and Budgets at MCI Communications
    Corporation. Mr. Holt served on the board of directors of
    Aviall, Inc. from 2001 to 2006 and the supervisory board of The
    Nielsen Company B.V. from 2006 to 2008. He currently serves on
    the boards of directors of Fairchild Imaging, Inc., HCR
    ManorCare, Inc., HD Supply, Inc. and Sequa Corp. Claudius (Bud) E. Watts IV was elected as one of our
    directors in November 2005. He currently serves as a Managing
    Director and Head of the Technology Buyout Group of The Carlyle
    Group. Prior to joining Carlyle in 2000, Mr. Watts was a
    Managing Director in the M&A group of First Union
    Securities, Inc. He joined First Union Securities when First
    Union acquired Bowles Hollowell Conner & Co., where
    Mr. Watts was a principal. He also serves on the boards of
    directors of CPU Technology, Freescale Semiconductor, OpenLink
    Financial, Inc. and Open Solutions Inc. Jonathan E. Michael was elected as one of our directors
    in April 2010. He currently serves as President and Chief
    Executive Officer of RLI Corp., a publicly traded specialty
    insurance company, which he joined in 1982. Mr. Michael has
    held various positions at RLI Corp., including President and
    Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief
    Financial Officer. Prior to joining RLI Corp., Mr. Michael
    was associated with Coopers & Lybrand.  Mr. Michael
    served on the board of directors of Fieldstone Investment
    Corporation from 2003 to 2007. He currently serves on the board
    of directors of RLI Corp. and Maui Jim, Inc. Board of
    directors Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our
    board of directors. We currently have seven directors. Our
    directors hold office until their successors have been elected
    and qualified or until the earlier of their resignation or
    removal. 104 Table of Contents Our board of directors is divided into three classes with
    members of each class of directors serving for staggered
    three-year terms: two Class I directors
    (Messrs. Boulanger and Dyer), two Class II directors
    (Mr. Etherington and Mr. Michael) and three
    Class III directors (Messrs. Holt, Stone and Watts),
    whose initial terms will expire at the annual meetings of
    stockholders held in 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. Our
    classified board could have the effect of making it more
    difficult for a third party to acquire cont