Investment in our shares is speculative. The shares of our common stock being offered for resale by the selling security holder are highly speculative in nature, involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons who can afford to lose the entire amount invested in the common stock. Before purchasing any of the shares of common stock, you should carefully consider the following factors relating to our business and prospects. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. We are dependent upon external financing to fund our ongoing operations and implement our business plan. Currently, we are dependent upon external financing to fund our operations. It is imperative that we obtain this external financing to implement our business plan and to finance ongoing operations. We currently do not have commitments from third parties for additional capital. We cannot be certain that any such financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to secure additional financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, results of operations and stock price and require us to curtail or cease operations, sell off our assets, and/or perhaps seek protection from our creditors through bankruptcy proceedings. Furthermore, additional equity financing, if obtained,  may be dilutive to the holders of our common stock, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, and strategic relationships, which may require that we relinquish valuable rights. No assurance Company will be Successful and Ultimately Operate Profitably. The Company is currently operating at a loss, and there is no assurance that the business development plans and strategies of the Company will  be successful, or that the Company will be able to operate profitably. If we
cannot operate profitably, you could lose your entire investment. We likely will not generate revenues in the next twelve months sufficient to support our operations and therefore will have to rely solely on the cash we raise from the private sale of  debt or equity securities.  Our ability to privately sell our securities is uncertain, as are the future terms upon which they might be sold. The Products We Select for Direct Response Marketing May Not Receive Favorable Market Response, or the Product Campaign May Fair For Other Reasons Some of our future Direct Response Marketing Campaigns will no doubt fail.  Direct Response Marketing products can fail due to many reasons, including no perceived need for the product, other competing products provide better solutions or are better priced, the product price is too high, the infomercial is unconvincing, the wrong time slot or market segment is selected for broadcast, and  for a variety of other reasons.  Larger trends, such as a recessionary economy, less discretionary purchasing power in the hands of consumers, more restrictive credit and higher rates on credit cards, also can discourage sales and cause a campaign to fail.  Operational issues can also cause a campaign to fail, such as too low a price markup, poor quality resulting in high returns; a lack of sufficient capital to purchase sufficient inventory, or failure by sub contractors to properly carry out their responsibilities for manufacturer, order taking, and fulfillment. Lack of Market acceptance for a product is a particularly significant risk in our business.  We will no doubt have some failures which will result in loss, and some products will likely only break even, doing little more then return the costs expended to undertake product production and to pay for the campaign  itself.  It is up to management to select, test, and carefully place infomercials for those Products which in management’s opinion have a good chance of being successful and generating significant revenues and profits in the Market place.  There is no assurance that management will be successful in these efforts to the required degree so that the Company becomes profitable. 3 Going Concern Opinion We have been the subject of a going concern opinion by our independent auditors who have raised substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. The Company has experienced a loss from operations during its current development stage as a result of its investment necessary to begin implementation of its operating plan, which is long-range in nature.  For the period from inception to September 30, 2011, the Company incurred a net loss of approximately $2,327,918. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon its ability to attain profitable operations by securing additional capital and implementing its business plan.  In addition, the Company's ability to continue as a going concern must be considered in light of the problems, expenses and complications frequently encountered by entrance into established markets and the competitive environment in which the Company operates.  The Company’s financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of the Company to continue as a going concern. The above factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Assurances cannot be given that adequate financing can be obtained to meet our capital needs, which we estimate at from $500,000  to $1,500,000, or can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.  If we are unable to generate profits and unable to obtain future financing to meet our working capital requirements, we will have to curtail our business sharply or cease operations altogether. Ultimately, our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our continuing obligations on a timely basis. No significant operating history makes our Company difficult to evaluate As a development stage company, our business and prospects are difficult to evaluate because we have minimal operating history and our business model is still being implemented.  An investment in us should be considered a high-risk investment where you could lose your entire investment. We Face Intense Competition From Competitors with more experience, long track records, larger staffs, and better funding. We will face intense competition in our  industry from other established Companies once we begin product campaigns.   We will compete to obtain licenses for products, for air time, and for the  attention of the consumer and the consumer’s discretionary dollar spent in this market.     Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technological, marketing and distribution resources than we do. Their greater capabilities in these areas enable them to better withstand periodic  product campaign failures, and more general downturns in the industry, compete more effectively on the basis of price and production and more quickly develop or locate and license new products. In addition, new companies may enter the markets in which we expect to compete, further increasing competition in our industry. Our Product Liability Insurance May not be Sufficient to cover claims. We intend to carry product liability insurance in such amounts as management deems appropriate, but there is no assurance that such insurance will be sufficient to cover claims if one of our products does not perform as described and causes damage.  The Company could in the future become liable for substantial claims which in the aggregate materially exceed the limits of the Company product liability insurance, with that result that the Company suffers substantial losses, with a resulting loss in value of our stock. We have arbitrarily determined the offering price of our common stock and the value of our stock does not necessarily reflect our book value. We arbitrarily selected the offering price for the common stock. Our establishment of the offering price of the shares has not been determined by negotiation with an underwriter as is customary in underwritten public offerings. The offering price does not bear any relationship whatsoever to our assets, earnings, book value or any other objective standard of value. Therefore, investors may be unable to recoup their investment if the value of our securities does not materially increase. Among the factors we considered in determining the offering price were our lack of operating history, our succession of losses to date, or lack of liquid assets, and our continuing need
for outside capital through the sale of equity or creation of debt in order to keep operating our business. 4 There is currently no market for our common stock. Our common stock is not currently traded on an exchange; there is no guarantee that our shares will ever trade on the OTC Bulletin Board or on any other securities exchange. The shares will be sold at the fixed price of $0.50 until
the common stock becomes quoted by a market maker on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board. We will file a post-effective amendment to reflect the change to a market price when the shares are quoted by a market maker on a securities exchange. To be quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, a market maker must file an application on our behalf in order to make a market for our common stock. To date, we have not engaged a market maker to apply for quotation on the OTC Bulletin Board on our 