—Risks Related to Our Business—Our primary markets are susceptible to natural
disasters and other catastrophes that could negatively impact the economies of our markets, our operations or our customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations." We may not be able to implement our expansion strategy, which may adversely affect our ability to maintain
our historical earnings trends. Our expansion strategy focuses on organic growth, supplemented by strategic acquisitions and expansion of the Bank's banking location network,
or de novo branching. We may not be able to execute on aspects of our expansion strategy, which may impair our ability to sustain our historical rate of
growth or prevent us from growing at all. More specifically, we may not be able to generate sufficient new loans and deposits within acceptable risk and expense tolerances, obtain the personnel or
funding necessary for additional growth or find suitable acquisition candidates. Various factors, such as economic conditions and competition with other financial institutions, may impede or prohibit
the growth of our operations, the opening of new banking locations and the consummation of acquisitions. Further, we may be unable to attract and retain experienced bankers, which could adversely
affect our growth. The success of our strategy also depends on our ability to effectively manage growth, which is dependent upon a number of factors, including our ability to adapt our credit,
operational, technology and governance infrastructure to accommodate expanded operations. If we fail to implement one or more aspects of our strategy, we may be unable to maintain our historical
earnings trends, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth and expansion through de novo branching, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our business strategy includes evaluating strategic opportunities to grow through de novo branching, and we believe that banking location expansion has been meaningful to our growth since 18 Table of Contents inception. De novo branching carries with it certain potential risks, including significant startup costs and anticipated initial operating losses; an
inability to gain regulatory approval; an inability to secure the services of qualified senior management to operate the de novo banking locations and
successfully integrate and promote our corporate culture; poor market reception for de novo banking locations established in markets where we do not
have a preexisting reputation; challenges posed by local economic conditions; challenges associated with securing attractive locations at a reasonable cost; and the additional strain on management
resources and internal systems and controls. Failure to adequately manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth through de novo branching
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely heavily on our executive management team and other key employees, and we could be adversely affected
by the unexpected loss of their services. Our success depends in large part on the performance of our executive management team and other key personnel, as well as on our ability to
attract, motivate and retain highly qualified senior and middle management and other skilled employees. Competition for qualified employees is intense, and the process of locating key personnel with
the combination of skills, attributes and business relationships required to execute our business plan may be lengthy. We may not be successful in retaining our key employees, and the unexpected loss
of services of one or more of our key personnel could have an adverse effect on our business because of their skills, knowledge of and business relationships within our primary markets, years of
industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. If the services of any of our key personnel should become unavailable for any reason, we may not be able to
identify and hire qualified persons on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. We may not be able to adequately measure and limit our credit risk, which could lead to unexpected losses. The business of lending is inherently risky, including risks that the principal of or interest on any loan will not be repaid timely or at all
or that the value of any collateral supporting the loan will be insufficient to cover our outstanding exposure. These risks may be affected by the strength of the borrower's business sector and local,
regional and national market and economic conditions. Many of our loans are made to small to medium-sized businesses that may be less able to withstand competitive, economic and financial pressures
than larger borrowers. Our risk management practices, such as monitoring the concentration of our loans within specific industries and our credit approval practices, may not adequately reduce credit
risk, and our credit administration personnel, policies and procedures may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or any other conditions affecting customers and the quality of the loan
portfolio. A failure to effectively measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio could lead to unexpected losses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our allowance for loan losses may prove to be insufficient to absorb potential losses in our loan portfolio,
which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We maintain an allowance for loan losses that represents management's judgment of probable losses and risks inherent in our loan portfolio. As
of June 30, 2017, our allowance for loan
losses totaled $25.2 million, which represents approximately 1.15% of our total loans. The level of the allowance reflects management's continuing evaluation of general economic conditions,
diversification and seasoning of the loan portfolio, historic loss experience, identified credit problems, delinquency levels and adequacy of collateral. The determination of the appropriate level of
the allowance for loan losses is inherently highly subjective and requires us to make significant estimates of and assumptions regarding current credit risks and future trends, all of which may
undergo material changes. Inaccurate 19 Table of Contents management
assumptions, deterioration of economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification or deterioration of additional problem loans, acquisition of
problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. In
addition, our regulators, as an integral part of their periodic examination, review our methodology for calculating, and the adequacy of, our allowance for loan losses and may direct
us to make additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. Further, if actual charge-offs in future periods exceed the amounts
allocated to the allowance for loan losses, we may need additional provisions for loan losses to restore the adequacy of our allowance for loan losses. Finally, the measure of our allowance for loan
losses is dependent on the adoption and interpretation of accounting standards. The Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, recently issued a new credit impairment model, the Current Expected
Credit Loss, or CECL model, which will become applicable to us on January 1, 2020, though we may choose, or may be encouraged by our regulators, to adopt CECL on January 1, 2019. CECL
will require financial institutions to estimate and develop a provision for credit losses at origination for the lifetime of the loan, as opposed to reserving for incurred or probable losses up to the
balance sheet date. Under the CECL model, credit deterioration would be reflected in the income statement in the period of origination or acquisition of the loan, with changes in expected credit
losses due to further credit deterioration or improvement reflected in the periods in which the expectation changes. Accordingly, implementation of the CECL model will change our current method of
providing allowances for loan losses, which would likely require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. Moreover, the CECL model likely would create more volatility in our level of allowance
for loan losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance for loan losses for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. The amount of nonperforming and classified assets may increase significantly, resulting in additional losses,
and costs and expenses that will negatively affect our operations and financial condition. At June 30, 2017, we had a total of approximately $9.7 million of nonperforming assets, or approximately 0.33% of total assets.
Total loans classified as "substandard," "doubtful" or "loss" as of June 30, 2017 were approximately $55.6 million, or approximately 1.89% of total assets. An
asset is generally considered "substandard" if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the borrower or of the collateral pledged, if any. Assets
so classified must have a well-defined weakness(es) that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. "Substandard" assets include those characterized by the "distinct possibility" that we will sustain
"some loss" if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets