.” Overview We are a clinical stage drug discovery, development and manufacturing company focused on leveraging our proprietary integrated cell-free protein
synthesis platform, XpressCF, to create a broad variety of optimally designed, next-generation protein therapeutics for cancer and autoimmune disorders. We aim to design therapeutics using the most potent modalities, including cytokine-based
immuno-oncology therapeutics, antibody-drug conjugates, or ADCs, and bispecific antibodies that are directed primarily against clinically validated targets where the current standard of care is suboptimal. Our platform allows us to accelerate the
discovery and development of molecules by enabling the rapid and systematic evaluation of protein structure-activity relationships to create optimized homogeneous product candidates. Our mission is to transform the lives of patients by using our
XpressCF Platform to create medicines with improved therapeutic profiles for areas of unmet need. Once identified, production of protein drug
candidates can be rapidly and predictably scaled in our current Good Manufacturing Practices compliant manufacturing facility. We have the ability to manufacture our cell-free extract that supports our production of proteins on a large scale using a
semi-continuous fermentation process. Our two most advanced product candidates are wholly owned: STRO-001, an ADC directed against CD74, for patients with multiple myeloma and non-Hodgkin lymphoma; and STRO-002, an ADC directed against folate receptor-alpha, or
FolR a , for patients with ovarian and endometrial cancers. STRO-001 is currently enrolling patients in a Phase 1
trial, with initial safety data expected in mid-2019. We plan to submit an investigational new drug, or IND, application for STRO-002 to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in the fourth quarter of 2018. We
have also entered into multi-target, product-focused collaborations with leaders in the field of oncology, including a cytokine derivatives collaboration with Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA,
or Merck, a B cell maturation antigen, or BCMA, and an immuno-oncology directed alliance with Celgene Corporation, or Celgene, and an oncology-focused collaboration with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany (operating in the United States and Canada under
the name “EMD Serono”). Since the commencement of our operations, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to performing
research and development and manufacturing activities in support of our own product development efforts and those of our collaborators, raising capital to support and expand such activities and providing general and administrative support for these
operations. We have funded our operations to date primarily from upfront, milestone and other payments under our collaboration agreements with Merck, Celgene and EMD Serono, the issuance and sale of redeemable convertible preferred stock and debt
proceeds. We have not generated any revenue from commercial product sales and have no products for commercial sale. We had a net loss of
$19.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 and a net loss of $23.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2018. Although we had net income for the year 81 Table of Contents ended December 31, 2016 of $1.7 million, we cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable again or that we will generate positive cash flow from operating activities. As of June 30,
2018, we had an accumulated deficit of $138.6 million. We do not expect to generate any revenue from commercial product sales unless and until we successfully complete development and obtain regulatory approval for one or more of our product
candidates, which we expect will take a number of years. If we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and
distribution. We expect our operating expenses to significantly increase as we continue to develop, and seek regulatory approvals for, our product candidates, engage in other research and development activities, expand our pipeline of product
candidates, continue to develop our manufacturing facility and capabilities, maintain and expand our intellectual property portfolio, seek regulatory and marketing approval for any product candidates that we may develop, acquire or in-license other assets or technologies, ultimately establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval and operate as a public
company. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year, depending on the timing of our clinical trials, our expenditures on other research and development activities and the timing of achievement and receipt of
upfront, milestones and other collaboration agreement payments. As of December 31, 2017 and June 30, 2018, we had $22.0 million and $25.4
million, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents. We completed an equity financing and obtained $52.0 million in gross proceeds from the sale of our Series E redeemable convertible preferred stock in July 2018. In July 2018, we entered into an
Exclusive Patent License and Research Collaboration Agreement, or the 2018 Merck Agreement, with Merck to jointly develop up to three research programs focusing on cytokine derivatives for cancer and autoimmune disorders. Under the 2018 Merck
Agreement, we received an upfront payment of $60.0 million in August 2018 for our commitment to the research and development of the target programs. We expect that the net proceeds from this offering and the concurrent private placement, together
with our existing cash and cash equivalents, the proceeds from our recent Series E financing and Merck collaboration will be sufficient to fund our operations through at least the next 12 months. We will need substantial additional funding in
addition to the net proceeds of this offering and the concurrent private placement to support our continuing operations and pursue our long-term business plan. We may seek additional funding through the issuance of our common stock, other equity or
debt financings, or collaborations or partnerships with other companies. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our clinical development efforts for our product
candidates and other research activities, payments received under any future or existing license and collaboration agreements, and development and manufacturing activities. We may not be able to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us, or
at all. Any failure to raise capital as and when needed would compromise our ability to execute on our business plan and may cause us to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development of some of our programs or curtail any efforts to
expand our product pipeline. Collaboration and License Agreements Merck Agreement In July 2018, we entered into the 2018 Merck
Agreement with Merck to jointly develop up to three research programs focusing on cytokine derivatives for cancer and autoimmune disorders. Upon
signing the 2018 Merck Agreement, Merck agreed to pay us an upfront payment of $60.0 million, which we received in August 2018, for the research and development of two target programs, and Merck purchased $20.0 million in Series E redeemable
convertible preferred stock from us. Under the 2018 Merck Agreement, we are eligible to receive financial support for our research and development efforts based on an agreed-upon level of full-time equivalent personnel effort and related 82 Table of Contents reimbursement rate. Additionally, we are eligible to receive another milestone payment if a third target program is selected, and Merck has agreed to purchase up to $10.0 million of our common
stock concurrently with the closing of this offering. Under the terms of the 2018 Merck Agreement, we are eligible to receive aggregate milestone
payments of up to $1.6 billion, assuming the development and sale of all therapeutic candidates and all possible indications identified under the collaboration. If one or more products from each of the target programs are developed for non-oncology
or a single indication, we will be eligible for reduced aggregate milestone payments. In addition, we are eligible to receive tiered royalties ranging from mid-single digit to low teen percentages on the worldwide sales of any commercial products
that may result from the collaboration. Celgene Agreements In September 2014, we entered into a Collaboration and License Agreement with Celgene, or the 2014 Celgene Agreement, to discover and develop bispecific
antibodies and/or ADCs focused primarily on the field of immuno-oncology using our XpressCF Platform. Under the 2014 Celgene Agreement, we received upfront payments totaling $95.0 million in September 2014, which included an $11.9 million
equity investment, and additional payments totaling $60.0 million. In August 2017, we entered into an Amended and Restated Collaboration and
License Agreement with Celgene, or the 2017 Celgene Agreement, to refocus our 2014 Celgene Agreement on four programs that are advancing through preclinical development, including an ADC program targeting BCMA. Upon signing the 2017 Celgene
Agreement, we received an option fee payment of $12.5 million in August 2017 and are eligible to receive a second option fee payment of $12.5 million following the first IND clearance, if any, for one of the four programs, if Celgene
desires to maintain its option to acquire the U.S. rights to develop and commercialize a second collaboration program to reach IND status. If Celgene exercises its option to acquire from us the U.S. rights to a second collaboration program, it will
make an option exercise fee payment to us, the amount of w