: See the section titled “ Risk Factors ” and other information included in this prospectus, and incorporated by reference herein, for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our Common Stock. Trading market and symbol: Our Common Stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “MCVT.” Transfer agent: The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Pacific Stock Transfer. ____________ (1) The number of shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding before and immediately after this offering is based on 81,944,398 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of August 7, 2025, and excludes the following: • [_______] shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants with a weighted -average exercise price of $[____] per share; • [_______] shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding vested and unvested stock options with a weighted -average exercise price of $[____] per share; and • [_______] shares of our Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. 6 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described under “Risk Factors” in our most recent annual report on Form 10 -K as supplemented or updated in our most recent quarterly report on Form 10 -Q , any current report on Form 8 -K , as well as any accompanying prospectus supplement, together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and in any accompanying prospectus supplement, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase our securities. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by any or all of these risks or by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial that may adversely affect us in the future. The Company is supplementing the risk factors previously disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as amended (the “Form 10 -K ”) with the following r isk fac tors. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with the risk factors included in the Form 10 -K . Risks Related to This Offering and Ownership of Our Common Stock Future sales of our Common Stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time, subject to the restrictions and limitations described below. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our Common Stock in the public market following this offering, the market price of our Common Stock could decline significantly. We have reserved [_] shares of Common Stock for issuance under 2022 Stock Incentive Plan, and as of the date of this prospectus we have [_] available to be issued. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of shares of our Common Stock or the availability of shares of our Common Stock for sale will have on the market price of our Common Stock prevailing from time to time. Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that those sales will occur, could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. Such shares are currently registered on Form S -8 and are available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options and, in the case of our affiliates, the restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Such shares could be freely sold in the public market without limitation. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold, in the public market, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline. You may experience additional dilution in the future. To raise additional capital, the Company may in the future offer additional Company securities, including shares of our Common Stock, at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering. The Company or other stockholders may sell shares of Common Stock or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which the Company or other stockholders sell additional shares of Common Stock, or the Company sells securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock, in future transactions, may be higher or lower than the price per share paid by investors in this offering. Furthermore, sales of a substantial number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our Common Stock. Our financial results and the market price of our Common Stock may be affected by the prices of SUI. As part of our capital allocation strategy for assets that are not required to provide working capital for our ongoing operations, we have invested and will continue to invest in SUI. As of the date of this prospectus, we had approximately $[_] million SUI. The price of SUI has historically been subject to dramatic price fluctuations and is highly volatile. Moreover, digital assets, such as SUI, are relatively novel and the application of securities laws and other regulations to such assets is unclear in many respects. It is possible that regulators may interpret laws in a manner that adversely affects the liquidity or value of SUI. 7 Table of Contents Any decrease in the fair value of SUI below our carrying value for such assets could require us to incur a loss due to the decrease in fair market value, and such charge could be material to our financial results for the applicable reporting period, which may create significant volatility in our reported earnings. Any decrease in reported earnings or increased volatility of such earnings could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. In addition, the application of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, with respect to SUI, may change in the future and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and the market price of our Common Stock. In addition, if investors view the value of our Common Stock as dependent upon or linked to the value or change in the value of our SUI holdings, the price of SUI may significantly influence the market price of our Common Stock. The price of our Common Stock has been and may continue to be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for purchasers of our Common Stock. Our stock price has been and is likely to continue to be volatile. The stock market in general has experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. With the adoption of our new SUI treasury strategy, we expect to see additional volatility. As a result of this volatility, you may not be able to sell your Common Stock. The market price for our Common Stock may be influenced by many factors, including: • our SUI treasury strategy; • the success of competitive products, services or technologies; • regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; • the recruitment or departure of key personnel; • actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; • variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; • general economic, industry and market conditions; and • the other factors described in this ‘‘Risk Factors’’ section and in the “Risk Factors” section of our other SEC filings, including our most recent annual report on Form 10 -K . Our management may invest or otherwise use the proceeds of any offering by the Company in ways with which you may not agree or in ways that may not yield a return. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from any offering by the Company and could use the proceeds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our Common Stock. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could cause the price of our Common Stock to decline and delay the development of additional products and services our pursuit of our new SUI strategy. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from this offering in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. We will not receive any proceeds from sales by the Selling Stockholder. We may use the net proceeds from any offering by the Company to purchase additional SUI, the price of which has been, and will likely continue to be, highly volatile. We may use the net proceeds from any offering by the Company to purchase additional SUI. SUI is a highly volatile asset that has traded between $0.53 and $5.37 per SUI on Coinbase in the 12 months preceding the date of this prospectus. More recently, during the second calendar quarter of 2025, SUI traded between approximately $1.72 and $4.12 per SUI. In addition, SUI does not pay interest. The ability to generate a return on investment from the net proceeds from any offering by the Company will depend on whether there is appreciation in the value of SUI following our purchases of SUI with the net proceeds from any offering by the Company. Future fluctuations in SUI’s trading prices may result in our converting SUI purchased with the net proceeds from this offering into cash with a value substantially below the net proceeds f