” section, including but not limited to, those related to our ability to increase sales to existing and new customers due to shifting demand, our 30 Table of Contents performance in international markets, our ability to continue to perform on existing contracts, develop and deploy new technologies and expand our marketing capabilities and sales organization. We received a Paycheck Protection Program loan, and our application for the PPP Loan and loan forgiveness could in the future be determined to have been impermissible or could result in damage to our reputation. In May 2020, we received an unsecured loan in the amount of $2.3 million under the Paycheck Protection Program, or the PPP Loan. On June 29, 2021, the PPP Loan was forgiven. The Paycheck Protection Program was established under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, or the CARES Act, and is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration, or the SBA. If we are later determined to have been ineligible to receive the PPP Loan or loan forgiveness, we may be subject to significant penalties, including significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, we could be required to repay the PPP Loan in its entirety and our reputation could suffer. A review or audit by the SBA or other government entity or claims under the U.S. False Claims Act could consume significant financial and management resources and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts whether obtained from third-party sources or developed internally, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate. The estimates and forecasts included in this prospectus relating to the size and expected growth of the target market and market demand may also prove to be inaccurate. For example, the Electronic System Design Alliance’s EDA market data may be inaccurate or incomplete. Further, Grand View Research's estimations for the size of the 2022 and 2030 global EDA market and the growth thereof are based on assumptions, including as to the future growth of the integrated circuits and electronic manufacturing markets, and the continued advancement of technology in those industries  that may prove to be inaccurate or incorrect. In addition, the estimated global EDA market may not materialize in the timeframe we expect, if ever, and even if the markets meet the estimates presented in this prospectus, this should not be taken as indicative of our future growth or prospects. In order to be successful, we will need to continue to develop and advance our software solutions, secure new and renewed bookings, obtain sufficient capital to finance our business and otherwise successfully scale our business and operations. We face a number of challenges in achieving these objectives, including those described elsewhere in these risk factors. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our objectives or successfully grow our business, capture meaningful market share or take advantage of market opportunities. Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Information Technology and Data Privacy and Security If we are unable to protect our proprietary technology and inventions through patents and other intellectual property rights, our ability to compete successfully and our financial results could be adversely impacted. We seek to protect our proprietary technology and innovations, particularly those relating to our software solutions, through patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights. Maintenance of our patent portfolios, particularly outside of the United States, is expensive, and the process of seeking patent protection is lengthy and costly. While we intend to maintain our current portfolio of patents and to continue to prosecute our currently pending patent applications and file future patent applications when appropriate, the value of these actions may not exceed their expense. Existing patents and those that may be issued from any pending or future applications may be subject to challenges, invalidation or circumvention, and the rights granted under our patents may not provide us with meaningful protection or any commercial advantage. In addition, the protection afforded under the patent laws of one country may not be the same as that in other countries. This means, for example, that our right to exclusively commercialize a product in those countries where we have patent rights for that product can vary on a country-by-country basis. We also may not have the same scope of patent protection in every country where we do business. Additionally, it is difficult and costly to monitor the use of our intellectual property. It may be the case that our intellectual property is already being infringed and infringement may occur in the future without our knowledge. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Additionally, defending our intellectual property rights might necessitate significant financial and legal resources. Any such expenditure could negatively impact our financial performance. While it is our policy to protect and defend our rights to our intellectual property, we cannot predict whether steps taken by us to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of our intellectual property rights. Any inability to meaningfully enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our ability to compete. Moreover, in any lawsuit we bring to enforce our intellectual property rights, a court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on grounds that our intellectual property rights do not cover the technology in question. Further, in such proceedings, the 31 Table of Contents defendant could counterclaim that our intellectual property is invalid or unenforceable and the court may agree, in which case we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could materially harm our business and hurt our competitive advantage. We generally control access to and use of our confidential information and trade secrets using internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, and customers. We rely in part on the laws of the United States and international laws to protect our trade secrets. All employees and consultants are required to execute confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment and consulting relationships with us. We also require them to agree to disclose and assign to us all inventions conceived or made in connection with the employment or consulting relationship. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with every such party and we may not have adequate remedies in case of a breach of any such agreements. Our trade secrets could be disclosed to our competitors or others may independently develop substantially equivalent technologies or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. Trade secrets can be difficult to protect and some courts inside and outside of the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, unauthorized parties may still copy, misappropriate, or otherwise obtain and use our software, technology, or other information that we regard as our proprietary intellectual property. In addition, we intend to expand our international operations, and effective patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret, and other intellectual property protection may not be available or may be limited in some foreign countries. We currently have no trademark registrations or pending applications to register trademarks in foreign countries. Further, intellectual property law, including statutory and case law, particularly in the United States, is constantly developing, and any changes in the law could make it harder for us to enforce our rights. We have predominantly developed our proprietary technology and other intellectual property internally, through development by our employees and independent contractors and externally, including through our research institution partners and their students. Our development has taken place globally, including the United States, Brazil, Europe, the Middle East and India. We attempt to protect our intellectual property, technology, and confidential information by requiring our employees, consultants, contractors and developer partners who develop intellectual property on our behalf to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements. However, these agreements may not have been properly entered into on every occasion with the applicable counterparty, and such agreements may not always have been effective when entered into in granting ownership of, controlling access to and distribution of our proprietary information or technology. Certain state laws may require that we provide certain notices with respect to the assignment of particular inventions in such agreements, and we may not have been able to include such specific notice requirements in every occasion that it required. Further, if we failed to enter into one of these agreements, or if the assignment language is found to be insufficient under applicable laws, it may not have effectively granted ownership of certain technology or other intellectual property to us. In such an event, there would be a risk that the applicable counterparty would not be available to (or would not be willing to) assist us in perfecting our ownership of the technology or intellectual property, or the counterparty may even assert ownership rights against us and make cla