—The continuing control after this offering of our company, including the right to designate individuals to be included in the slate of nominees for election to our board of directors, by the Ares Funds, whose interests may
conflict with our interests and those of other stockholders. As such, the Ares Funds may be able to influence or control our affairs and policies following the completion of this offering.” Choice of Forum Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation to be in effect upon the closing of this offering will provide that unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or stockholders to us
or our stockholders, creditors, or other constituents, (iii) action asserting a claim arising out of or relating to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended
and restated by-laws (as either may be amended and/or restated from time to time), or (iv) action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers that is governed by the internal affairs
doctrine; provided, that, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state court sitting in the State of Delaware, or if no state court of the State of Delaware has
jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum. Additionally, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will state that the foregoing provision
will not apply to claims arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal securities laws for which there is exclusive federal or concurrent federal and state jurisdiction. Unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or such other federal
securities law. The exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits
with respect to such claims. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. See “Risk Factors—Risks
relating to this offering and ownership of our common stock—Our certificate of incorporation, which will be in effect upon the completion of this offering, will provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive
forum for a wide range of disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.” 185 Table of Contents Limitations of Liability, Indemnification and Advancement Upon the completion of this offering, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws will provide that we will indemnify and advance expenses to our
directors and officers, and may indemnify and advance expenses to our employees and other agents, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, which prohibits our certificate of incorporation from limiting the liability of our directors for the
following: • any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or to our stockholders; • acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; and • any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If Delaware law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director, then the liability of our
directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as so amended. Our certificate of incorporation will not eliminate a director’s duty of care and, in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies, such as
injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief, remain available under Delaware law. This provision also does not affect a director’s responsibilities under any other laws, such as the federal
securities laws or other state or federal laws. Under our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, we will also be empowered to purchase insurance on behalf of any person whom we are required or permitted to indemnify. In addition to the indemnification and advancement of expenses required in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, we intend to enter into
indemnification agreements with each of our current directors and executive officers. These agreements will provide for the indemnification of, and the advancement of expenses to, such persons for all reasonable expenses and liabilities, including
attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts, incurred in connection with any action or proceeding brought against them by reason of the fact that they are or were serving in such capacity. We believe that these charter and bylaw
provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. We also maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance. The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage stockholders from
bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. A
stockholder’s investment may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. There is no pending litigation or proceeding naming any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is being sought, nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation that
may result in claims for indemnification or advancement by any director or officer. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is
                . The transfer agent’s address is                 . 186 Table of Contents Listing We have applied intend to apply to have our common stock approved for listing on the NYSE under the symbol “SVV.” 187 Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, no public market existed for our capital stock. Future sales of substantial amounts of common stock in the public market, the
availability of shares for future sale or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and/or impair our ability to raise equity capital. Upon the completion of the Corporate Conversion and this
offering,                 shares of our common stock will be outstanding,
or                shares of common stock if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares from us in full. All of the shares of common stock sold in this offering will be freely tradable without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act,
except for any shares sold to our “affiliates,” as defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act, or Rule 144. The outstanding shares of our common stock held by existing stockholders are “restricted securities,” as defined in
Rule 144. Restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if the offer and sale is registered under the Securities Act or if the offer and sale of those securities qualifies for exemption from registration, including exemptions provided
by Rule 144 or Rule 701 under the Securities Act, or Rule 701. As a result of lock-up agreements described
below and the provisions of Rules 144 and 701,                 shares of our common stock will be available for sale in the public market as follows: • shares of our common stock
will be eligible for immediate sale upon the completion of this offering; and • approximately                 shares of
common stock, will be eligible for sale upon expiration of lock-up agreements described below, beginning 181 days after the date of this prospectus, subject in certain circumstances to the volume, manner of
sale and other limitations under Rules 144 and 701. We may issue shares of our capital stock from time to time for a variety of
corporate purposes, including in capital-raising activities through future public offerings or private placements, in connection with the exercise of stock options and warrants, vesting of RSUs and other issuances relating to our employee benefit
plans and as consideration for future acquisitions, investments or other purposes. The number of shares of our capital stock that we may issue may be significant, depending on the events surrounding such issuances. In some cases, the shares we issue
may be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act; in other cases, we may grant registration rights covering the shares issued in connection with thes