” in this prospectus. See “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Operations — The current outbreak of the COVID-19, or the future outbreak of any other highly infectious or contagious diseases, has caused, and will continue to cause, disruption to our business and operations” for a further discussion of the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Key Performance Indicators Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin to supplement GAAP measures of performance to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, to establish our annual management incentive bonus plan compensation and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) interest expense, (iii) income tax (benefit) expense, (iv) loss on sale and disposal of property and equipment, (v) restructuring charges, (vi) management fees, (vii) stock-based compensation expense, (viii) unrealized (gains) losses on foreign currency transactions, (ix) strategic initiative costs, (x) acquisition and integration related costs, (xi) other and (xii) IPO costs. We believe excluding these items allows for better comparison of our financial results across reporting periods. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. Our definitions of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are useful measurements for investors as they help identify underlying trends that could otherwise be masked by certain expenses that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We also use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin for planning purposes, assessing our financial performance, and other strategic decisions. For a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin and the limitations on their use, and the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA margin see “— Non-GAAP Financial Measures” below. 51 Table of Contents Key Components of Results of Operations Net Sales We derive our revenue from the design, manufacture and sale of in-ground swimming pools, pool covers and liners. We sell fiberglass pools, which are one-piece manufactured fiberglass pools that are ready to be installed in a consumer’s backyard and custom vinyl pools, which are manufactured pools that are made out of non-corrosive steel or composite polymer frame, on top of which a vinyl liner is installed. We sell liners for the interior surface of vinyl pools (including pools that were not manufactured by us). We also sell all-season covers, which are winterizing mesh and solid pool covers that protect pools against debris and cold or inclement weather and automatic safety covers for pools that can be operated with a switch. Our sales are made through one-step and two-step business-to-business distribution channels. In our one-step distribution channel, we sell our products directly to dealers who, in turn, sell our products to consumers. In our two-step distribution channel, we sell our products to distributors who warehouse our products and sell them on to dealers, who ultimately sell our products to consumers. Each product shipped is considered to be one performance obligation. With the exception of our extended service warranties and our custom product contracts, we recognize our revenue when control of our promised goods is transferred to our customers, either upon shipment or arrival at our customer’s destination depending upon the terms of the purchase order. Sales are recognized net of any estimated rebates, cash discounts or other sales incentives. Revenue that is derived from our extended service warranties, which are separately priced and sold, is recognized over the term of the contracts. Revenue from custom products is recognized over time utilizing an input method that compares the cost of cumulative work-in-process to date to the most current estimates for the entire cost of the performance obligation. Custom products are generally delivered to the customer within three days of receipt of the purchase order. See “— Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates — Revenue Recognition.” Cost of Sales Cost of sales includes the cost of materials and all costs to make products saleable, such as materials, labor, inbound freight, including inter-plant freight, purchasing and receiving costs, operating lease costs related to our distribution and manufacturing facilities, and warehousing and distributions costs. Cost of sales also includes depreciation expense associated with assets used to manufacture our products and make them saleable and warranty costs. We record warranty costs within cost of sales at the time product revenue is recognized based on historical experience and any specific warranty issues that have been identified. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight are included in cost of sales when the related revenue is recognized. The components of our cost of sales may not be comparable to our peers. The changes in our cost of sales generally correspond with the changes in net sales and may be impacted by any significant fluctuations in the cost of the components of our cost of sales. Gross Profit and Gross Margin Gross profit is calculated as net sales less cost of sales. Gross profit is dependent upon several factors, such as changes in the volume and the relative sales mix among product lines, prices of raw materials and the average price of our products sold and plant performance, among other factors. Gross margin is gross profit as a percentage of our net sales. Gross margin is dependent upon several factors, such as changes in prices of raw materials, the volume and relative sales mix among product lines, the average price of our products sold and plant performance, among other factors. Gross margin is also impacted by the costs of distribution and occupancy costs, which can vary. Our gross profit is variable in nature and generally follows changes in net sales. The components of our cost of sales may not be comparable to the components of cost of sales or similar measures of other companies. As a result, our gross profit and gross margin may not be comparable to similar data made available by other companies. Selling, General and Administrative Expense Selling, general and administrative expense primarily consists of personnel costs, such as salaries, incentive plan costs, and health and welfare benefits, as well as other costs, including sales and marketing, technology infrastructure, research and development, 52 Table of Contents finance, legal, human resources, marketing and advertising, facility costs such as operating lease costs for our corporate office, allowances for bad debt, professional services costs, and insurance expense. We expect that our selling, general and administrative expense will increase in future periods due to additional legal, finance, insurance and other expenses that we expect to incur as a result of being a public company, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Any increase in future incentive awards or other stock-based compensation will also increase our personnel expense included in selling, general and administrative expense. However, we expect our selling, general and administrative expense to decrease as a percentage of net sales over the long term as our net sales increase and we realize economies of scale. Amortization Amortization consists of any amortization from acquired intangible assets through business combinations, including patented technology, trade names and trademarks, pool designs, franchise relationships and dealer relationships. We expect our amortization may increase as we expand our operations through acquisitions of additional businesses in the future. Interest Expense Interest expense primarily consists of any cash interest on outstanding borrowings under our Amended Term Loan and our Revolving Credit Facility, as well as the non-cash amortization of debt issuance costs and original issue discount. For a further description and definition of Amended Term Loan and Revolving Credit Facility, see “— Our Indebtedness.” Other Expense (Income), Net Other expense (income), net consists primarily of foreign currency transaction gains and losses associated with our international subsidiaries and changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration recorded in connection with the acquisition of Narellan, which was settled in September 2020. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses primarily result from intercompany purchases of a short-term nature denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the legal entity in which the transaction is recorded. Income Tax (Benefit) Expense We are subject to income taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Our income taxes are estimated based on taxable income earned in each jurisdiction. We file a federal consolidated tax return inclusive of all U.S. entities, and several consolidated state tax returns and separate state tax returns. We also file Canadian, Australian and New Zealand tax returns for our Canadian, Australian and New Zealand entities. Our effective tax rate varies depending on the proportion of domestic to foreign earnings, the realizability of any deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in tax rates and laws in any jurisdictions in which we operate. Net Income (Loss) Net income (loss) is our income after considering our expense (benefit) from income taxes. 53 Table of Contents Results of Operations Three Fiscal Quarters Ended October 2, 2021 Compared to Three Fiscal Quarters Ended September 26, 2020 The following tabl