Investing in our common stock involves substantial risks. You should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the
other information set forth in this prospectus before making an investment decision regarding our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently
known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate
results or trends in future periods. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price
of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Operations Unfavorable economic conditions may cause our customers to reduce their demand for our products or default on their obligations to
us, both of which could adversely affect our cash flows, financial position or results of operations. Economic
conditions in the United States and throughout much of the world experienced a sudden, sharp downturn in 2008 and 2009. If such unfavorable economic conditions were to occur again, certain of our metallurgical coke customers may reduce their demand
for our coke and coal, seek to delay shipments, or may struggle or fail to meet their obligations to us, especially if they experience defaults on receivables due from their customers. Our steel industry customers experience significant fluctuations
in demand for steel products because of economic conditions, consumer demand, raw material and energy costs, and decisions by the U.S. federal and state governments to fund or not fund infrastructure projects, such as highways, bridges, schools,
energy plants, railroads and transportation facilities. Unfavorable economic conditions, including the reduced availability of credit, may cause a reduction in the demand for steel products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our customers’
demand for our products. During periods of weak demand for steel or coal, our customers may seek to renegotiate or cancel their existing coke and coal purchase commitments to us, or decline to renew existing agreements with us when such agreements
expire. As a result, we may not be able to sell all the coke and coal that we produce. Future disruptions of the credit
markets may result in financial instability of some of our customers and, in some cases, lead to their insolvency and/or bankruptcy. Such instability could cause our customers to default on their obligations to us. In addition, competition with
other suppliers of coke or coal could force us to extend credit to customers and on terms that could increase the risk of payment default. Any of these events ultimately could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, financial position or results
of operations. We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which may increase our cost of doing business and have
an adverse effect on our cash flows, financial position or results of operations. Environmental, Health and Safety
Laws Our operations are subject to increasingly strict regulation by federal, state and local authorities with respect to
protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those legal requirements pursuant to the Clean Air Act and other laws that govern discharges of substances into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous
substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, the protection of groundwater quality and availability, plant and wildlife protection, reclamation and restoration of properties after mining or drilling is completed, the installation of
various safety equipment in our facilities, control of surface subsidence from underground mining protection of employee health and safety. Complying with these requirements, including the terms of our permits, can be costly and time-consuming, and
may delay commencement or continuation of exploration or production operations. Failure to comply with these regulations may
result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, the issuance of injunctions to limit or 14 Table of Contents cease operations, the suspension or revocation of permits and other enforcement measures that could limit our operations. We may not have been, or may not be, at all times, in complete compliance
with all of these requirements, and we may incur material costs or liabilities in connection with these requirements, or in connection with remediation at sites we own, or third-party sites where it has been alleged that we have liability, in excess
of the amounts we have accrued. In addition, these requirements are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. These requirements may change in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on
our business. For a description of certain environmental laws and matters applicable to us, see “Business—Legal and Regulatory Requirements.” In addition, greenhouse gas emissions may be subject to future federal regulation. The EPA has begun to implement greenhouse gas-related reporting and permitting rules, and the U.S. Congress has
considered “cap and trade” legislation that would establish an economy-wide cap on emissions of greenhouse gases and require most sources of greenhouse gas emissions to obtain greenhouse gas emission “allowances” corresponding to
their annual emissions of greenhouse gases. Federal or state regulations requiring us, or our customers, to employ expensive technology to capture and sequester carbon dioxide could adversely affect our future revenues, or profitability. Healthcare Laws In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or PPACA, was enacted, potentially affecting our costs to provide healthcare benefits to our eligible active and retired employees and
certain black lung benefits. The PPACA has both short-term and long-term implications on benefit plan standards. Implementation of this legislation is planned to occur in phases, with plan standard changes taking effect beginning in 2010, but to a
greater extent with the 2011 benefit plan year and extending through 2018. In the short term, our healthcare costs may rise, due to an increase in the maximum age for covered dependents to receive benefits, changes to benefits for occupational
disease related illnesses, the elimination of lifetime dollar limits per covered individual and restrictions of annual dollar limits per covered individual, among other standard requirements. In the long term, our healthcare costs could increase due
to a tax on “high cost” plans and the elimination of annual dollar limits per covered individual, among other standard requirements. Changes that make it easier to qualify for black lung benefits also may result in increased costs. We
currently are analyzing this legislation to determine the full extent of the impact of the required changes to comply with this legislation and the resulting costs. A substantial increase in costs as a result of this legislation, and the related
regulations, could have a potentially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Equipment
upgrades, equipment failures and deterioration of assets may lead to production curtailments, shutdowns or additional expenditures. Our cokemaking and coal mining operations depend upon critical pieces of equipment that occasionally may be out of service for scheduled upgrades or maintenance or as a result of unanticipated failures.
Our facilities are subject to equipment failures and the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events such as fires, accidents or violent weather conditions. As a result, we may experience interruptions in our processing and production
capabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition,
assets critical to the operations of our cokemaking and coal mining operations, including our cokemaking facilities and equipment and our coal mines, may deteriorate or become depleted materially sooner than we currently estimate. Such deterioration
of assets may result in additional maintenance spending or additional capital expenditures. If these assets do not generate the amount of future cash flows that we expect, and we are not able to procure replacement assets in an economically feasible
manner, our future results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We are also required to perform impairment
tests on our assets whenever events or changes in circumstances lead to a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated future cash flows that would indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or whenever management’s plans
change with respect to those assets. For example, we are currently conducting an engineering study to evaluate the expected physical life of 15 Table of Contents the coke ovens at our Indiana Harbor cokemaking facility. Some ovens and associated equipment are heaving and settling differentially as a result of the instability of the ground on which it was
constructed. This differential movement has reduced production and required corrective action to certain ovens, ancillary equipment and structures. Higher maintenance costs are expected to continue as a result of this condition. An oven repair and
maintenance program has been implemented to limit further deterioration to the ovens. The engineering study at Indiana Harbor is expected to be completed during the second half of 2011. At this time, the likely outcome of the study cannot be
determined, but possible