You should consider all the information contained in this prospectus in deciding to invest in our securities offered under this prospectus. In particular, you should consider the risk factors described under “ Risk Factors. ” Such risks include, but are not limited to: • Risks related to Symbotic’s business, operations and industry, including that: • Symbotic is an early-stage company with a limited operating history. Symbotic has not been profitable historically and may not achieve or maintain profitability in the near term or at all, and it is difficult to evaluate Symbotic’s future prospects and the risks and challenges it may encounter. 12 Table of Contents • Symbotic depends heavily on principal customers, and therefore, its success is heavily dependent on its principal customers’ ability to grow their businesses and their adoption of Symbotic’s warehouse automation systems. • Symbotic’s operating results and financial condition may fluctuate from period to period, which could make its future operating results difficult to predict or cause its operating results to fall below analysts’ and investors’ expectations. • C&S Wholesale Grocers, an important customer of Symbotic, is an affiliate of Symbotic. Despite Symbotic’s affiliation with C&S Wholesale Grocers, there is no guarantee that it will continue to be a customer beyond the term of its current contracts with Symbotic. • Symbotic depends upon key employees and other highly qualified personnel, and will need to hire and train additional personnel. • Symbotic’s new warehouse automation systems, software, services and products may not be successful or meet existing or future requirements in supply agreements with existing or future customers, and may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations and result in harm to its reputation. • Symbotic relies on suppliers to provide equipment, components and services. Any disruption to the suppliers’ operations could adversely affect Symbotic’s business, financial condition and results of operations. • The markets in which Symbotic participates could become more competitive and many companies may target the markets in which Symbotic does business. Additionally, Symbotic’s customers and potential customers may develop in-house solutions that compete with its warehouse automation systems. If Symbotic is unable to compete effectively with these potential competitors and developments, its sales and profitability could be adversely affected. • If Symbotic is unable to develop new solutions, adapt to technological change, evolving industry standards and changing business needs or preferences, sell its software, services and products into new markets or further penetrate its existing markets, its revenue may not grow as expected. • Laws and regulations governing the robotics and warehouse automation industries are still developing and may restrict Symbotic’s business or increase the costs of its solutions, making Symbotic’s solutions less competitive or adversely affecting its revenue growth. • Supply chain interruptions may increase Symbotic’s costs or reduce its revenue. • Risks related to intellectual property, including that: • Symbotic may need to bring or defend itself against patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claims, which may adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations by limiting its ability to use technology or intellectual property and causing it to incur substantial costs. • Symbotic’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected and the value of its brand, products and other intangible assets may be diminished if it is unable to maintain and protect its IP from unauthorized use, infringement or misappropriation by third parties. • Risks related to cybersecurity, software deficiencies, service interruptions and data privacy, including that: • Symbotic has experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience further cybersecurity incidents or security breaches of its systems or IT (including third-party systems or IT that Symbotic relies on to operate its business) in the future, which may result in system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized access to or disclosure of confidential or personal information. 13 Table of Contents • Symbotic’s ability to efficiently manage and expand its business depends significantly on the reliability, capacity and protection of its systems and IT (including third-party systems or IT that Symbotic relies on to operate its business). Real or perceived errors, failures, bugs, defects or security breaches or interruptions of these systems and IT could disrupt its operations, lead to loss of proprietary information, damage its relationships with customers or its vendors, result in regulatory investigations and penalties, lead to liability and litigation, negatively impact its reputation and otherwise adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. • Risks related to the Business Combination, including that: • If the Business Combination’s benefits do not meet the expectations of financial analysts, the market price of the Company’s Class A Common Stock may decline. • The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information included in this prospectus is preliminary and the actual financial condition and results of operations after the Business Combination may differ materially. • Other risks, including that: • As a private company, Symbotic was not required to document and test, management was not required to certify, and its auditors were not required to opine on, the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to maintain adequate financial, IT and management processes and controls could result in material weaknesses and errors in Symbotic’s financial reporting, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, there are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud that could seriously harm its business may occur and not be detected. • The dual class structure of the Company’s common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with Richard B. Cohen (the “Symbotic Founder”), certain family members of the Symbotic Founder and certain affiliated entities and trusts of the Symbotic Founder and his family members; this will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters. • Symbotic shares certain key executives with C&S Wholesale Grocers, which means those executives will not devote their full time and attention to the Company’s affairs, and the overlap may give rise to conflicts. 14 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information in this prospectus before making an investment in our Class A Common Stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially and adversely affected if any of these risks occurs, and as a result, the market price of our Class A Common Stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. This prospectus also contains