” section. Any
of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our Class A Common Stock will trade. In addition,
the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices
of equity securities of many companies. If there is extreme market volatility and trading patterns in our Class A Common Stock, it may
create several risks for investors, including the following: ● the
    market price of our Class A Common Stock may experience rapid and substantial increases or decreases unrelated to our actual or expected
    operating performance, financial condition or prospects, which may make it more difficult for prospective investors to assess the
    rapidly changing value of our Class A Common Stock; ● if
    our future market capitalization reflects trading dynamics unrelated to our actual or expected operating performance, financial performance
    or prospects, purchasers of our Class A Common Stock could incur substantial losses as prices decline once the level of market
    volatility has abated; and ● if
    the future market price of Class A Common Stock declines, investors may be unable to resell their shares at or above the price at
    which they acquired them. We cannot assure you that the market of our Class A Common Stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly
    in the future, in which case you could incur substantial losses. Broad
market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively affect the
market price of our Class A Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, shares of our Class A Common Stock
may be more thinly traded than securities of larger, more established healthcare services companies and, as a result of this lack of
liquidity, sales of relatively small quantities of shares of our Class A Common Stock by our stockholders may disproportionately influence
the price of our Class A Common Stock. The market price of our Class A Common Stock may decline below the public offering price, and
you may lose some or all of your investment. As
the assumed public offering price is substantially higher than our net tangible book value per share, you will experience immediate and
substantial dilution. If
you purchase Class A Common Stock in this offering, you will pay more for your shares of Class A Common Stock than the amount paid by
our existing stockholders for their shares on a per share basis. As a result, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution
in net tangible book value per share in relation to the price that you paid per share of Class A Common Stock. We expect the dilution
as a result of the offering to be $0.70 per share to new investors purchasing our shares of Class A Common Stock and Series
A Warrants and Series B Warrants in this offering. In addition, you will experience further dilution to the extent that we
issue shares of our Class A Common Stock upon the exercise of any warrants, including the Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants, Pre-Funded Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants issued in this offering, or exercise of stock options under any stock incentive
plans. See “Dilution” for a more complete description of how the value of your investment in our shares will be diluted upon
completion of this offering There
is no public market for the Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants being offered in this offering. There
is no established public trading market for the Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants being offered
in this offering, and we do not expect a market to develop. In addition, we do not intend to apply to list the Series A Warrants,
Series B Warrants or Pre-Funded Warrants on any securities exchange or nationally recognized trading system, including The Nasdaq
Capital Market. Without an active market, the liquidity of the Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants will
be limited. - 10 - Holders
of Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants purchased in this offering will have no rights as
common stockholders until such holders exercise such warrants and acquire our Class A Common Stock. Until
holders of Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants acquire shares of our Class A Common Stock upon exercise
of such warrants, holders of Series Warrants, Series B Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants will have no rights with respect
to the shares of our Class A Common Stock underlying such warrants. Upon exercise of the Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants
and Pre-Funded Warrants, as applicable, the holders will be entitled to exercise the rights of a common stockholder only as
to matters for which the record date occurs after the exercise date. The
Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants are speculative in nature. The
Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Pre-Funded Warrants do not confer any rights of Class A Common Stock ownership on their
respective holders, such as voting rights or the right to receive dividends, but rather merely represent the right to acquire shares
of Class A Common Stock at a fixed price. Commencing on the date of issuance, holders of the Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants
and Pre-Funded Warrants may exercise their right to acquire shares of Class A Common Stock and pay the stated exercise price per
share. Purchasers
who purchase our securities in this offering pursuant to a securities purchase agreement may have rights not available to purchasers
that purchase without the benefit of a securities purchase agreement. In
addition to rights and remedies available to all purchasers in this offering under federal securities and state law, the purchasers that
enter into a securities purchase agreement will also be able to bring claims of breach of contract against us. The ability to pursue
a claim for breach of contract provides those investors with the means to enforce the covenants uniquely available to them under the
securities purchase agreement including, but not limited to: (i) timely delivery of securities; (ii) agreement to not enter into variable
rate financings for six months from closing, subject to exceptions; (iii) agreement to not enter into any financings for 60 days
from closing; and (iv) indemnification for breach of contract. The
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants may not have value. The
Series A Warrants being offered by us in this offering have an exercise price of $              
per share of Class A Common Stock, and expire on the                   
anniversary from the date of issuance. The Series B Warrants being offered by us in this offering have an exercise price of $               
per share of Class A Common Stock, and expire on the                  
anniversary from the date of issuance. In the event that our Class A Common Stock does not exceed the exercise price of the Series
A Warrants or Series B Warrants, as applicable, during the period when such warrants are exercisable, such warrants
may not have any value. This
is a best efforts offering, no minimum amount of securities is required to be sold, and we may not raise the amount of capital we believe
is required for our business plans, including our near-term business plans. The
Placement Agent has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit offers to purchase the securities in this offering. The Placement
Agent has no obligation to buy any of the securities from us or to arrange for the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar
amount of the securities. There is no required minimum number of securities that must be sold as a condition to completion of this offering.
Because there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to the closing of this offering, the actual offering amount, Placement
Agent fees and proceeds to us are not presently determinable and may be substantially less than the maximum amounts set forth above.
We may sell fewer than all of the securities offered hereby, which may significantly reduce the amount of proceeds received by us, and
investors in this offering will not receive a refund in the event that we do not sell an amount of securities sufficient to support our
continued operations, including our near-term continued operations. Thus, we may not raise the amount of capital we believe is required
for our operations in the short-term and may need to raise additional funds, which may not be available or available on terms acceptable
to us. We
are selling a substantial number of shares of our Class A Common Stock in this offering, which could cause the price of our Class A Common
Stock to decline . In
this offering, we are offering up to 3,787,878 shares of Class A Common Stock (assuming no purchase of Pre-Funded Warrants),
Series A Warrants to purchase up to 3,787,878 shares of Class A Common Stock and Series B Warrants to purchase up to 3,787,878
shares of Class A Common Stock. The existence of the potential additional shares of our Class A Common Stock in the public market,
or the perception that such additional shares may be in the market, could adversely affect the price of our Class A Common Stock. We
cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of those shares of Class A Common Stock or the availability of those shares of Class
A Common Stock for sale will have on the market price of our Class A Common Stock. - 11 - We
do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future after this offering, and you must rely on price appreciation of your shares
of Class A Common Stock for return on your investment. We
have paid no cash dividends on any class of our stock to date, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the
foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do n