described in our public filings when evaluating our business. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements • We will not be able to continue as a going concern if we are unable to raise additional capital when needed. • We have never generated any revenue from product sales and may never be profitable. • We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. • We may not be able to raise the capital that we need to support our business plans and raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders and restrict our operations. Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Commercialization • We face competition from companies that have developed or may develop competing programs. • Our programs are in preclinical stages of development and may fail in development or suffer delays. • We are substantially dependent on the success of the SPY001 and SPY002 programs. • We may fail to achieve our projected development goals in the time frames we announce and expect. • Any drug delivery device used may have its own regulatory development, supply, and other risks. • We may not be successful in building a pipeline of product candidates with commercial value. • Our studies and trials may not be sufficient to support regulatory approval of any product candidates. • If we are unable to successfully develop complementary diagnostics for our therapeutic product candidates, we may not realize their full commercial potential. • We have limited experience in developing and commercializing diagnostics and have never applied for or obtained regulatory clearance or approval for any diagnostic tests. • Additional time may be required to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates and future product candidates because of their status as combination products. • We may encounter difficulties enrolling participants in our future clinical trials. • Preliminary or “topline” data from our clinical trials may change as more data becomes available. • Our future clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events or side effects. • We may fail to capitalize on more profitable or potentially successful product candidates. • Our future products may not achieve regulatory approval or commercial success. • Certain of our programs may compete with our other programs. • The FDA may not accept data from clinical trials we conduct at sites outside the United States. Risks Related to Government Regulation • FDA and comparable foreign regulatory approval processes are lengthy and time-consuming and we may not be able to obtain or may be delayed in obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates. • We may not be able to meet requirements for chemistry, manufacturing and control of our programs. • Our product candidates may face competition sooner than anticipated based on rules and regulations that may apply or government decisions with respect to our intellectual property. • Even if we receive regulatory approval, we will be subject to extensive ongoing regulatory obligations. • We may face difficulties from healthcare legislative reform measures. • Our operations and arrangements with third-parties are subject to healthcare regulatory laws. • We may be unable to offer products at competitive prices due to unfavorable pricing regulations and/or third-party coverage and reimbursement policies. • We may face criminal liability or other consequences for violations of U.S. and foreign trade regulations. 10 Table of Contents • Foreign governments may impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenue. • Any accelerated review designations (e.g. fast track designation) we may pursue may not hasten development or regulatory review. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property • Our ability to obtain and protect our patents and other proprietary rights is uncertain. • We may fail in obtaining or maintaining necessary rights to our programs. • We may be subject to patent infringement claims or may need to file such claims. • We may subject to claims of wrongful hiring of employees or wrongful use of confidential information. • Our patents and our ability to protect our products may be impaired by changes to patent laws. • Our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with regulatory requirements. • We may fail to identify or interpret relevant third-party patents. • We may become subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our intellectual property. • Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position of our programs. • Our technology licensed from various third parties may be subject to retained rights. Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties • We may fail to maintain collaborations and licensing arrangements with third parties that we rely on. • Third-parties we rely on for the execution of preclinical studies and clinical trials may fail to carry out their contractual duties. • We may be unable to use third-party manufacturing sites or our third-party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production. Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Other Risks Related to Our Business • We may experience difficulties in managing the growth of our organization. • We may fail to attract or retain highly qualified personnel. • Our ability to operate in foreign markets is subject to regulatory burdens, risks and uncertainties. • Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may be inaccurate and our business may not grow at similar rates, or at all. • Our employees or third-parties may engage in misconduct or other improper activities. • We may be impacted by security or data breaches or other improper access to our data. • Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. • We may fail to comply with privacy and data security regulations. • We may fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. • We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes. • We may fail to realize the benefits of our business or product acquisitions or our strategic alliances. • We may be impacted by the failure of financial institutions. Risks Related to Our Common Stock • We may fail to obtain stockholder approval of the conversion of our Series B Preferred Stock. • Our certificate of incorporation, Delaware law and certain contracts include anti-takeover provisions. • Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain exclusive forum provisions. • We do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. • Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. • Future sales and issuances of equity and debt could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. • Our principal stockholders own a significant percentage of our stock. General Risk Factors • The market price of our Common Stock has historically been volatile and may drop in the future. • We incur significant costs associated with complying with public company reporting requirements. • A lack of analyst coverage may cause a decline in our stock price or trading volume. We may fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls. 11 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements We will need to raise additional capital, and if we are unable to do so when needed, we will not be able to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2023, we had $339.6 million of cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash. We will need to raise additional capital to continue to fund our operations and service our debt obligations in the future. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed, we will not be able to continue as a going concern. Developing our product candidates requires a substantial amount of capital. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we advance our product candidates through clinical trials. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations and such funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and such funding may become even more difficult to obtain due to rising interest rates and the current downturn in the U.S. capital markets and the biotechnology sector in general. Competition for additional capital among biotechnology companies may be particularly intense during this present economic downturn. We may be unable to raise capital through public offerings of our Common Stock and may need to turn to alternative financing arrangements. Such arrangements, if we pursue them, could involve issuances of one or more types of securities, including Common Stock, Preferred Stock, convertible debt, warrants to acquire Common Stock or other securities. These securities could be issued at or below the then prevailing market price for our Common Stock. In addition, if we issue debt securities, the holders of the debt would have a claim to our assets that would be superior to the rights of stockholders until the principal, accrued and unpaid interest and any premium or make-whole has been paid. Interest on any newly-issued debt securities and/or newly-incurred borrowings would increase our operating costs and reduce our net income (or increase our net loss), and these impacts may be material. If the issuance of new securities results in diminished rights to holders of our Common Stock, the market price of our Common Stock could be materially and adversely affected. We do not currently have any products approved for sale and do not generate any revenue from product sales. Accordingly, we expect to rely primarily on equity and/or debt financings to fund our continued operations. Our ability to raise additional funds will depend, in part, on the success of our preclinical studies and 