— Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination— We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination.” Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. Sourcing of Potential Initial Business Combination Targets We believe that our management team’s deep-rooted relationships and extensive network within the financial technology sector position us favorably to identify and pursue unique opportunities in the private company landscape. Our approach to selecting target businesses is founded on leveraging these invaluable relationships, which include connections with founders of private companies, executives from both private and public corporations, venture capitalists, and private equity and growth equity funds. Through these relationships, we aim to access a diverse range of prospective target businesses that align with our investment strategy. We have not contacted any of the prospective target businesses. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in this offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses, including the ability to negotiate more attractive acquisition terms. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks— Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless.” While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder’s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. Any such payments prior to our initial business combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. 111 Table of Contents Our Sponsor Our sponsor is a Delaware
limited liability company owned and controlled by Mr. Rouf and Mr. Mastrangelo, both U.S. citizens. Other third-party accredited investors
with pre-existing business relationships with our management team will have an indirect interest in our founder shares though membership
interests in our sponsor, but other than Mr. Rouf and Mr. Mastrangelo, no other person has a direct or indirect material interest in our
sponsor. All of the founder shares held by the sponsor and not otherwise distributed to our independent directors, officers or the non-managing
sponsor members, or such other accredited investors will be owned in equal amounts by Mr. Rouf and Mr. Mastrangelo. In January 2024, our
sponsor paid $25,000 for 7,475,000 founder shares (up to 925,000 shares of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to
which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised), for a purchase price of approximately $0.003 per share. Prior to the
initial investment in the Company of $25,000 by the sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. On August 5, 2024, the
sponsor forfeited 1,150,000 founder shares for no consideration pursuant to the Amended and Restated Securities Subscription Agreement,
resulting in the sponsor holding an aggregate of 6,900,000 founder shares, of which up to an aggregate of 825,000 shares were subject
to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised for a purchase price of approximately
$0.004 per share. Subsequently, on March 4, 2025, the Company issued an additional 575,000 founder shares for no consideration pursuant
to the Second Amended and Restated Securities Subscription Agreement, resulting in the sponsor holding an aggregate of 6,900,000 founder
shares, of which up to an aggregate of 900,000 shares are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters’
overallotment option is exercised for a purchase price of approximately $0.004 per share. The purchase price of the founder shares was
determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the number of founder shares issued. Prior to the initial investment
in the Company of $25,000 by the sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares
outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 27,600,000 units if the
underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such founder shares would represent approximately 20%
of the outstanding shares after this offering. Up to 900,000 of the founder shares will be forfeited depending on the extent to which
the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination.
In addition, the placement warrant purchasers have committed to purchase an aggregate of 8,000,000 private placement warrants for an aggregate
purchase price of $8,000,000 (or up to $8,180,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full), or $1.00 per
warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The founder shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares of the Company, except that (a) they will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination, (b) they are subject to certain transfer restrictions (see “ Principal Shareholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants ” on page [152] of the prospectus; for other information, see “ Description of Securities — Founder Shares ” on page [158] of the prospectus); (c) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment or removal of a member of the board of directors for any reason; (d) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into the Letter Agreement with us to waive their redemption rights, rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Accounts and other shareholder rights enjoyed by holders of the Class A ordinary shares. Our insiders will enter into the Letter Agreement with us immediately before the closing of the offering to waive their redemption rights, rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Accounts and other shareholder rights enjoyed by holders of the Class A ordinary shares, and pursuant to the Letter Agreement, our insiders will agree to vote their founder shares in favor of any proposed business combination and not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would stop our public shareholders from converting or selling their founder shares to us in connection with a business combination or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 24 months from the closing of this offering unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with any such vote. For further information on the transfer restrictions, see “P rincipal Shareholders — Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants ” on page [152] of the prospectus; for other information, see “ Description of Securities — Founder Shares ” on page [158] of the prospectus. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of th