” for a further discussion of the potential adverse impact of COVID-19 on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In-License Agreements for Lotilaner In January 2019, we entered into the Eye and Derm Elanco Agreement with Elanco granting us a worldwide, sublicensable license for the
development and marketing rights of lotilaner for the treatment or cure of any eye or skin disease or condition in humans. We plan to utilize these license rights in developing and marketing our TP-03 and TP-04 product candidates. We made an upfront cash payment at contract execution, which we recorded
within “research and development” expense within our statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2019 and six months ended June 30, 2019. The value of remaining clinical milestone payments that may become contractually due to Elanco for the Demodex blepharitis or MGD indications
aggregate to $3.0 million, $1.0 million of which was paid in the third quarter of 2020; and aggregate to $3.0 million for the rosacea indication. We may also be required to pay Elanco up to an aggregate of $79.0 million for
various commercialization and sales-threshold milestones. Also, we will be obligated to pay Elanco tiered single-digit royalties on our worldwide net sales of these products. In September 2020, we entered into the All Human Uses Elanco Agreement with Elanco granting us a worldwide, sublicensable licenses for the
development and marketing rights of lotilaner for all other applications in humans (i.e., in addition to the treatment or cure of any eye or skin disease or condition in humans). We plan to utilize these license rights in developing and marketing
our TP-05 product candidates. We made an initial equity grant of approximately 1.7 million
shares of our common stock to Elanco at contract execution. If the All Human Uses Elanco Agreement is not terminated, or if we have not provided notice to terminate the All Human Uses Elanco Agreement, within 18 months of its effective date, we will
be required to issue Elanco additional shares of our common stock equating to $3.0 million of aggregate value in accordance with the terms of the All Human Uses Elanco Agreement. - 101 - Table of Contents The value of remaining clinical milestone payments that may become contractually due to
Elanco for the treatment of malaria aggregate to $3.0 million; and aggregate to $1.5 million for the indications other than malaria. We may also be required to pay Elanco up to an aggregate of $77.0 million for various
commercialization and sales threshold milestones under the current terms of the All Human Uses Elanco Agreement. Also, we will be obligated under the terms of the All Human Uses Elanco Agreement to pay Elanco tiered single-digit royalties on net
sales of these products including in the United States, Canada, the countries of the European Economic Area (which, for clarity, shall be deemed to include the United Kingdom), Australia, New Zealand and Japan. Components of our Results of Operations Operating
Expenses Our operating expenses since inception have consisted solely of research and development expenses and general and
administrative expenses. Research and Development Expenses Our research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred in connection with the development of our product candidates, including: • fees paid to third parties to conduct certain research and development activities on our behalf, including under
agreements with CROs; • payments under licensing agreements, such as our upfront in-license fee
for lotilaner; • consulting costs and certain allocated payroll and employee-related expenses (including stock-based compensation
and salaries) for personnel engaged in research and development functions; • costs related to compliance with clinical regulatory requirements; • costs of procuring drug products for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials; and • facilities expenses, which include direct and allocated expenses for rent of our laboratory. We expense both internal and external research and development expenses as incurred or as certain upfront or milestone
payments become contractually due to licensors upon achievement of clinical or regulatory events. We recognize external research and development costs based on an evaluation of the progress to completion of specific tasks or patient dosing using
information provided to us by our service providers. We track our external research and development expenses on a program-by-program basis, such as fees paid to CROs, CMOs and research laboratories in connection with our pre-clinical development,
process development, manufacturing and clinical development activities. However, we do not track our internal research and development expenses on a program-by-program basis as they primarily relate to compensation, early research and other costs which are deployed across multiple projects under development. For the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 and for the six months ended June 30, 2019 and
2020, substantially all of our research and development expenses are attributable to our TP-03 program for Demodex blepharitis. Research and development activities are central to our business model. Product candidates in later stages of clinical development, such as TP-03, generally have higher development costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials. We expect our research and
development expenses to increase substantially following this offering and in the future, as we seek - 102 - Table of Contents to initiate and progress additional clinical trials for our product candidates, including TP-03 for the potential treatment of MGD, TP-04 for the potential treatment of rosacea and TP-05 for potential Lyme prophylaxis and community malaria reduction, complete our clinical programs, pursue regulatory
approval of our product candidates, and prepare for the possible commercialization of these product candidates. The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain. As this time, we cannot precisely estimate the aggregate costs
required to complete significant portions of our clinical programs or additional costs associated with the validation of our contract manufacturers and suppliers as required by the FDA. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of risks and
uncertainties associated with our research and development projects. General and Administrative Expenses Our general and administrative expenses consist of personnel-related costs including payroll, benefits, and stock-based compensation for our
executive, finance, and other administrative functions. Other general and administrative expenses include consulting fees, legal services, rent and other facilities costs, and other general operating expenses not otherwise classified as research and
development expenses. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase substantially in the future as a result of
expanding our operations, including hiring personal, preparing for potential commercialization of our product candidates, and additional facility occupancy costs, as well various incremental costs associated with being a public company (including
increased legal and accounting fees, regulatory costs associated with maintaining compliance with the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market and SEC regulations, investor relations activities, directors and officers liability insurance premiums, and other
accompanying compliance and governance costs). Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest expense on our convertible promissory notes, other expense from the change in fair
value of the derivative liabilities associated with the promissory notes and losses recorded on the extinguishment of convertible promissory notes. Interest expense is comprised of coupon interest, amortization of debt issuance costs, and non-cash accretion of an estimated discount on the convertible promissory notes (as part of the separate recognition of an embedded derivative liability). Our recognized interest expense was partially offset by
interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents. Income Tax Provision Since our inception, we have not recorded any U.S. federal or state income tax benefits for the net operating losses we have incurred in each
year, or for our earned research and development tax credits, due to our uncertainty of realizing a benefit from either. As of December 31, 2019, we had deferred tax assets, including federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, of
$1.4 million. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, net operating losses (for U.S. income tax purposes) generated prior to December 31, 2018 can be carried forward for up to 20 years, while net operating losses generated after
December 31, 2017 can be carried forward indefinitely, but are limited to 80% utilization against taxable income. Our California net operating losses will begin to expire in 2037. At December 31, 2019, we had federal and California
research and development tax credits of $0.1 million each. The federal research and development tax credits begin to expire in 2037 unless previously utilized, and the California credit carryforwards are available indefinitely. - 103 - Table of Contents Result of Operations Comparison of the Six Months Ended June 30, 2019 and 2020 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the periods indicated: Six Months Ended June 30, Change 2019 2020 (in thousands) Operating expenses: Research and development $ 2,066 $ 3,249 $ 1,183 General and administrative 514 2,132 1,618 Total operating expenses 2,580 5,381 2,801 Loss from operations before other income (expense) and income taxes (2,580 ) (5,381 ) (2,801 ) Other income (expense): Interest income (expense), net 5 174 169 Total income (expense), net 5 174 169 