An investment in
    our securities involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 7 of this prospectus and the other
    information included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus for a discussion of the risk factors you should carefully consider
    before deciding to invest in our securities. Conflict of Interest YA II is an affiliate
    of Yorkville Securities, LLC (“YS”), a registered broker-dealer and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”)
    member. YS will act as an executing broker that will effectuate resales of our Common Stock in this offering that have been and may
    be acquired by YA II from us pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. Because YA II will receive all the net proceeds from such resales
    of our Common Stock made to the public through YS, YS is deemed to have a “conflict of interest” within the meaning of
    FINRA Rule 5121. Consequently, this offering will be conducted in compliance with the provisions of FINRA Rule 5121, which requires
    that a “qualified independent underwriter,” as defined in FINRA Rule 5121, participate in the preparation of the registration
    statement that includes this prospectus and exercise the usual standards of “due diligence” with respect thereto. Accordingly,
    we have engaged Digital Offering to be the qualified independent underwriter in this offering and, in such capacity, participate
    in the preparation of the registration statement that includes this prospectus and exercise the usual standards of “due diligence”
    with respect thereto. YA II will pay Digital Offering (i) a cash fee of $50,000 as consideration for its services in connection with
    acting as the qualified independent underwriter in this offering and (ii) $5,000 as reimbursement for its expenses incurred in providing
    such services. Digital Offering will receive no other compensation for acting as the qualified independent underwriter in this offering.
    In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121, YS is not permitted to sell shares of our Common Stock in this offering to an account over which
    it exercises discretionary authority without the prior specific written approval of the account holder. See “Plan of Distribution
    (Conflict of Interest).” (1) Assumes
                                            (i) the issuance of the Equity Line Securities at 97% of the assumed VWAP ($0.7280 per share),
                                            (ii) the conversion of the Yorkville Convertible Note at 95% of the assumed VWAP ($0.7130
                                            per share), both with an assumed VWAP based on the closing price of our Common Stock on December
                                            5, 2025 ($0.7505 per share), and (iii) the exercise of the Warrant exercisable into 10,173,881
                                            shares of the Company’s Common Stock with an exercise price equal to the lower of (i)
                                            $1.50 per share of the Company, or (ii) 130% of the average Nasdaq Official Closing Price
                                            of the Common Stock (as reflected on Nasdaq.com) for the five (5) Trading Days ending on
                                            the tenth (10th) Trading Day following the closing of the Business Combination (as defined
                                            in the Yorkville Purchase Agreement). 6 RISK
FACTORS Before
purchasing any of the securities you should carefully consider the risk factors set forth below and incorporated by reference in this
prospectus from our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and any subsequent updates described in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current
Reports on Form 8-K, as well as the risks, uncertainties and additional information set forth in our SEC reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q,
and 8-K and in the other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. For a description of these reports and documents, and
information about where you can find them, see “Additional Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Information By
Reference.” Additional risks not presently known or that we presently consider to be immaterial could subsequently materially and
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, business, and prospects. Risks
Related to the Merger Failure
to complete, or delays in completing, the Merger could materially and adversely affect Brag House’s or House of Doge’s results
of operations, business, and financial results and may cause a decline in the market price of Brag House’s Common Stock. Consummation
of the Merger is subject to certain closing conditions, a number of which are not within our control. Any failure to satisfy or, to the
extent permitted by applicable law, waive these required closing conditions may prevent, delay or otherwise materially adversely affect
the consummation of the Merger. We cannot predict with certainty whether or when any of the required conditions will be satisfied or,
to the extent permitted by applicable law, waived, or if another uncertainty may arise and cannot assure you that we will be able to
successfully consummate the Merger as currently contemplated under the Merger Agreement or at all. Each
of Brag House’s and House of Doge’s efforts to complete the Merger could cause substantial disruptions in, and create uncertainty
surrounding, their respective business, which may materially adversely affect their respective results of operation and business. Uncertainty
as to whether the Merger will be completed may affect each of Brag House’s and House of Doge’s ability to recruit prospective
employees or to retain and motivate existing employees. Employee retention may be particularly challenging while the Merger is pending
because employees may experience uncertainty about their roles following the Merger. Uncertainty as to whether the Merger will be completed
could adversely affect each of Brag House’s and House of Doge’s business and relationship with collaborators, suppliers,
vendors, regulators and other business partners. For example, vendors, collaborators and other counterparties may defer their decisions
to work with Brag House or House of Doge or seek to change their existing business relationships with them. Changes to, or termination
of, existing business relationships could adversely affect each of Brag House’s and House of Doge’s results of operations
and financial condition, as well as the market price of the Common Stock. The adverse effects of the pendency of the Merger could be
exacerbated by any delays in completion of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. Failure
to complete the Merger could negatively impact the stock price and the future business and financial results of Brag House because of,
among other things, the disruption that would occur as a result of uncertainties relating to a failure to complete the Merger. If
the Merger is not completed for any reason, Brag House could be subject to several risks, including the following: ● being
                                            required to pay House of Doge a termination fee of $9.0 million in certain circumstances; ● having
                                            had the focus of management of Brag House directed toward the Merger and post-merger planning
                                            instead of on the Brag House’s core business and other opportunities that could have
                                            been beneficial to Brag House; and ● incurring
                                            substantial transaction costs related to the Merger. In addition, Brag House would not realize any of the expected benefits of having completed the Merger. 7 If
the Merger is not completed, the price of the Common Stock may decline to the extent that the current market price of that stock reflects
a market assumption that the Merger will be completed and that the related benefits and synergies will be realized, or as a result of
the market’s perceptions that the Merger was not consummated due to an adverse change in Brag House’s business. In addition,
Brag House’s business may be harmed, and the price of the Common Stock may decline as a result, to the extent that customers, suppliers
and others believe that Brag House cannot compete in the marketplace as effectively without the Merger or otherwise remain uncertain
about Brag House’s future prospects in the absence of the Merger. Similarly,
current and prospective employees of Brag House may experience uncertainty about their future roles with Brag House after the Merger
and choose to pursue other opportunities, which could adversely affect Brag House if the Merger is not completed. The realization of
any of these risks may materially adversely affect Brag House’s business, financial results, financial condition and stock price. The
Merger Agreement limits Brag House’s and House of Doge’s ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger. The
Merger Agreement contains provisions that make it more difficult for Brag House and House of Doge to enter into alternative transactions.
The Merger Agreement contains certain provisions that restrict Brag House’s and House of Doge’s ability to solicit or facilitate
proposals from third parties with respect to transactions involving the sale of Brag House or House of Doge, as applicable, or a material
portion of their assets or provide non-public information to, or otherwise participate or engage in discussions or negotiations with,
third parties or take certain other actions that would reasonably be expected to lead to a third-party acquisition proposal. Further,
there are only limited exceptions to Brag House’s agreement that the Brag House Board will not change its recommendation in favor
of the approval of the required proposals (the “Required Proposals”) discussed in the Company’s Form S-4 proxy statement/prospectus
file