You should carefully consider the following risk factors before you decide
to buy our common stock. You should also consider all of the other information
in this prospectus. We are subject to other risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us. If any of the risks described below or any unknown risk
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
flows could be materially adversely affected. This could cause the trading
price of our common stock to decline, and you may lose part or all of your
investment.

                  Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

A decline in spending for information technology and services by our current
and prospective customers may result in less demand for our products, lower
prices and a lower revenue growth rate.

   The purchase of our information system involves a significant financial
commitment by our customers. At the same time, the healthcare industry faces
significant financial pressures which could adversely affect overall spending
on healthcare information technology and services. For example, the Balanced
Budget Act of 1997 has significantly reduced Medicare reimbursements to
hospitals, leaving them less money to invest in infrastructure. Moreover, a
general economic decline could cause hospitals to reduce or eliminate
information technology related spending. To the extent spending for healthcare
information technology and services declines or increases slower than we
anticipate, demand for our products and services, as well as the prices we
charge, could be adversely affected. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we
will be able to increase or maintain our revenues or our growth rate.

There is a limited number of hospitals in our target market. Continued
consolidation in the healthcare industry could result in the loss of existing
customers, a reduction in our potential customer base and downward pressure on
our products' prices.

   There is a finite number of small and midsize hospitals with 300 or fewer
acute care beds. Saturation of this market with our products or our
competitors' products could eventually limit our revenues and growth.
Furthermore, many healthcare providers have consolidated to create larger
healthcare delivery enterprises with greater market power. If this
consolidation continues, we could lose existing customers and could experience
a decrease in the number of potential purchasers of our products and services.
The loss of existing and potential customers due to industry consolidation
could cause our revenue growth rate to decline. In addition, larger,
consolidated enterprises could have greater bargaining power, which may lead to
downward pressure on the prices for our products and services.

We may experience fluctuations in quarterly financial performance that could
adversely impact our operating results and stock price.

   There is no assurance that consistent quarterly growth in our business will
continue. Our quarterly revenue may fluctuate and may be difficult to forecast
for a variety of reasons. For example, prospective customers often take
significant time evaluating our system and related services before making a
purchase decision. Moreover, a prospective customer who has placed an order for
our system could decide to cancel that order or postpone installation of the
ordered system. If a prospective customer delays or cancels a scheduled system
installation during any quarter, we may not be able to schedule a substitute
system installation during that quarter. The amount of revenue that would have
been generated from that installation will be postponed or lost. The
possibility of delays or cancellations of scheduled system installations could
cause our quarterly revenues to fluctuate.

   The following factors may also affect demand for our products and services
and cause our quarterly financial performance to fluctuate:

  .  changes in customer budgets and purchasing priorities;

                                      6 .  overall demand for healthcare information technology;

  .  market acceptance of new products, product enhancements and services from
     us and our competitors;

  .  product and price competition;

  .  delay of revenue recognition to future quarters due to an increase in the
     sale of our remote access ASP services; and

  .  fluctuations in general, political, economic and financial market
     conditions.

   Variations in our quarterly revenues may adversely affect our operating
results. In each fiscal quarter, our expense levels, operating costs and hiring
plans are based on projections of future revenues and are relatively fixed. If
our actual revenues fall below expectations, our earnings will also likely fail
to meet expectations. If we fail to meet the revenue or earnings expectations
of securities analysts and investors, the price of our common stock will likely
decrease.

We operate in an intensely competitive market that includes companies that have
greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we have.

   Our principal competitors are Medical Information Technology, Inc., or
"Meditech," and Healthcare Management Systems, Inc., or "HMS." Meditech and HMS
compete with us directly in our target market of small and midsize hospitals.
These companies offer products and services that are comparable to our system
and are designed to address the needs of community hospitals.

   Our secondary competitors include McKesson Corporation, Quadramed Corp.,
Cerner Corporation and Siemens Corporation. These companies are significantly
larger than we are, and typically sell their products and services to larger
hospitals outside of our target market. However, they sometimes compete
directly with us. We also face competition from providers of practice
management systems, general decision support and database systems and other
segment-specific applications, as well as from healthcare technology
consultants. Any of these companies as well as other technology or healthcare
companies could decide at any time to specifically target hospitals within our
target market.

   A number of existing and potential competitors are more established than we
are and have greater name recognition and financial, technical and marketing
resources. Products of our competitors may have better performance, lower
prices and broader market acceptance than our products. We expect increased
competition that could cause us to lose customers, lower our prices to remain
competitive and experience lower revenues and profit margins.

Our failure to develop new products or enhance current products in response to
market demands could adversely impact our competitive position and require
substantial capital resources to correct.

   The needs of hospitals in our target market are subject to rapid change due
to government regulation, trends in clinical care practices and technological
advancements. As a result of these changes, our products may quickly become
obsolete or less competitive. New product introductions and enhancements by our
competitors that more effectively or timely respond to changing industry needs
may weaken our competitive position.

   We continually redesign and enhance our products to incorporate new
technologies and adapt our products to ever-changing hardware and software
platforms. Often we face difficult choices regarding which new technologies to
adopt. If we fail to anticipate or respond adequately to technological
advancements, or experience significant delays in product development or
introduction, our competitive position could be negatively affected. Moreover,
our failure to offer products acceptable to our target market could require us
to make significant capital investments and incur higher operating costs to
redesign our products, which could negatively affect our financial condition
and operating results.

                                      7 Potential regulation of our products as medical devices by the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration could increase our costs, delay the introduction of new
products and slow our revenue growth.

   The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the "FDA," is likely to become
more active in regulating the use of computer software for clinical purposes.
The FDA has increasingly regulated computer products and computer-assisted
products as medical devices under the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. If
the FDA regulates any of our products as medical devices, we would likely be
required to, among other things:

  .  seek FDA clearance by demonstrating that our product is substantially
     equivalent to a device already legally marketed, or obtain FDA approval by
     establishing the safety and effectiveness of our product;

  .  comply with rigorous regulations governing pre-clinical and clinical
     testing, manufacture, distribution, labeling and promotion of medical
     devices; and

  .  comply with the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act's general controls, including
     establishment registration, device listing, compliance with good
     manufacturing practices and reporting of specified device malfunctions and
     other adverse device events.

   We anticipate that some of our products currently in development will be
subject to FDA regulation. If any of our products fail to comply with FDA
requirements, we could face FDA refusal to grant pre-market clearance or
approval of products; withdrawal of existing clearances and approvals; fines,
injunctions or civil penalties; recalls or product corrections; production
suspensions; and criminal prosecution. FDA regulation of our products could
increase our operating costs, delay or prevent the marketing of new or existing
products and adversely affect our revenue growth.

Governmental regulations relating to patient confidentiality and other matters
could increase our costs.

   State and federal laws regulate the confidentiality of patient records and
the circumstanc