—Risks Related to Our Business and Operations—A lack of liquidity could impair our ability to fund operations and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.” We face strong competition from financial services companies and other companies
that offer banking services. We operate in the highly competitive financial services industry and face significant competition for
customers from financial institutions located both within and beyond our principal markets. We compete with commercial banks, savings banks, credit unions, nonbank financial services companies and other financial institutions operating within or
near the areas we serve. Additionally, certain large banks headquartered outside of our markets and large community banking institutions target the same customers we do. In addition, as customer preferences and expectations continue to evolve,
technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for banks to expand their geographic reach by providing services over the internet and mobile devices and for nonbanks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such
as automatic transfer and automatic payment systems. The banking industry has experienced rapid changes in technology, and, as a result, our future success may depend in part on our ability to address our customers’ needs by using technology.
Customer loyalty can be influenced by a competitor’s new products, especially offerings that could provide cost savings or a higher return to the customer. Increased lending activity of competing banks can also lead to increased competitive
pressures on loan rates and terms for high-quality credits. We may not be able to compete successfully with other financial institutions in our markets, and we may have to pay higher interest rates to attract deposits, accept lower yields to attract
loans and pay higher wages for new employees, resulting in lower net interest margins and reduced profitability. Many of our nonbank
competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern our activities and may have greater flexibility in competing for business. The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative,
regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. In addition, some of our current commercial banking customers may seek alternative banking sources as they develop needs for credit facilities larger than we may be able to
accommodate. Our inability to compete successfully in the markets in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We could be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to
many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these
transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when our collateral cannot be foreclosed upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full
amount of the credit or derivative exposure due. Any such losses could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Negative public opinion regarding our company or failure to maintain our reputation in the communities we serve could adversely affect our business and
prevent us from growing our business. Our reputation within the communities we serve is critical to our success. We believe we
have set ourselves apart from our competitors by building strong personal and professional relationships with our customers and being active members of the communities we serve. As such, we strive to enhance our reputation by recruiting, hiring and
retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve 40 Table of Contents and delivering superior service to our customers. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or otherwise, we may be less successful in attracting new talent and
customers or may lose existing customers, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, negative public opinion can expose us to litigation and regulatory action and delay and impede our
efforts to implement our expansion strategy, which could further adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
may not be able to overcome the integration and other risks associated with acquisitions, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to implement our business strategy. Although we plan to continue to grow our business organically and through de novo branching, we also intend to pursue acquisition
opportunities that we believe will be accretive to our earnings per share, enhance our existing market presence, expand our markets of operation or strengthen our balance sheet, with an emphasis on the acquisition of banks with a strong deposit
franchise and high-quality funding profiles to augment our core deposit base. Our acquisition activities could be material to our business and involve a number of risks, including the following: • intense competition from other banking organizations and other acquirers for potential target companies; • market pricing for desirable acquisitions resulting in returns that are less attractive than we have
traditionally sought to achieve; • incurring time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and negotiating
potential transactions, resulting in our attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; • using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risks with respect
to the target institution or assets; • failure to achieve expected revenues, earnings or synergies from an acquisition; • potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire, including compliance
and regulatory issues; • the time and expense required to integrate the operations and personnel of the combined businesses; • experiencing higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations and the failure to
achieve expected cost savings; • losing key employees and customers; • reputational issues if the target’s management does not align with our culture and values; • significant problems relating to the conversion of the financial and customer data of the target; • integration of acquired customers into our financial and customer product systems; • risks of impairment to goodwill and other acquired assets; or • regulatory timeframes for review of applications, which may limit the number and frequency of transactions we may
be able to consummate. Depending on the condition of any institution or assets or liabilities that we may acquire, that
acquisition may, at least in the near term, adversely affect our capital and earnings and, if not successfully integrated with our organization, may continue to have such effects over a longer period. We may not be successful in overcoming these
risks or any other problems encountered in connection with pending or potential acquisitions, and any acquisition we may consider will be subject to prior regulatory approval. Our inability to overcome these risks could have an adverse effect on our
ability to implement our business strategy, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 41 Table of Contents The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if the judgments,
assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies are inaccurate. The preparation of financial statements and
related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are
included in the section captioned “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies” in this prospectus, describe those significant accounting policies and methods
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that we consider “critical” because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially affect our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As
a result, if future events or regulatory views concerning such analysis differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, those events or assumptions could have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, in each case resulting in our needing to revise or restate prior period financial statements, cause damage to our reputation and the price of our common stock, and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. There could be material changes to our financial statements and disclosures if there are
changes in accounting standards or regulatory interpretations of existing standards. From time to time the FASB or the SEC change
the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Such changes may result in us being subject to new accounting and reporting standards or change existing accounting and reporting standards.
For example, in June 2016, the FASB issued revised guidance for impairments on financial instruments which requires t