An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all the
other information in this prospectus before you decide to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks and uncertainties described below, together with all the other information related to our
business, actually occurs, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects would be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline and you
could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Our revenues are primarily generated from our Flexitouch System and we are therefore highly dependent on only
one product. Our Flexitouch System accounted for 87% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2015, and 86% of our revenues for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016. We expect that sales of this product will continue to account for the substantial majority of our revenues going forward. Therefore, our ability to execute our growth
strategy will depend not only upon increasing awareness of lymphedema, but also on the adoption of our Flexitouch System to treat this condition. Many physicians and clinicians may have experience
with, and/or invested substantial resources in, developing expertise in traditional treatments for lymphedema, which may make them less willing to adopt our Flexitouch System. If our Flexitouch System
fails to achieve wide market acceptance for any reason, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our long-term growth depends on awareness and adoption of our products. A primary growth strategy is to establish our products as the standard of care for the treatment of lymphedema and chronic venous insufficiency. In order to
achieve this growth strategy, we must: • increase clinician and consumer awareness of these diseases, which are often undertreated; • introduce the clinical and economic benefits of our solutions to physicians, therapists and other clinicians across several specialties and in
various clinical settings; and • demonstrate consistent coverage and reimbursement for our solutions by private payers, Medicare, the Veterans Administration and certain
Medicaid programs. Clinicians
may not adopt our solutions as the standard of care for lymphedema and chronic venous insufficiency or may not prescribe our products for a number of reasons,
including: • our inability to educate a sufficient number of clinicians on these diseases or our products; • the unavailability or inadequacy of insurance coverage or reimbursement for our products; • failure of evidence supporting clinical benefits or cost-effectiveness of our products over existing alternatives to convince clinicians to
change their treatment methods; and • resistance from clinicians to replace traditional treatments with our solutions. We
believe recommendations and support of our products by key opinion leaders can influence market acceptance and adoption. If these key opinion leaders choose to not support our products, our ability
to achieve broad market acceptance for our products may be impaired. 13 Table of Contents If we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate levels of coverage or reimbursement for our products, our
business and results of operations will be adversely affected. Any decline in the amount payers are willing to reimburse patients for our products could cause difficulty for patients to purchase our products and could
create pricing pressure for us. If we are forced to lower the price we charge for our products, our gross margins will decrease, which will adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Third-party
payers, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs. In the United States, no uniform
policy of coverage and reimbursement for our products exists among third-party payers. Therefore, reimbursement for our products can differ significantly from payer to payer and our products are not
universally covered by third-party commercial payers. In addition, payers, including Medicare, continually review existing technologies for continued coverage and can, without notice, deny or reverse
coverage for existing products. We believe a reduction or elimination of coverage or reimbursement of our products by Medicare would likely cause commercial third-party payers to implement similar
reductions in their coverage or reimbursement of our products. If we are unable to expand coverage of our products by additional commercial payers, or if third-party payers that currently cover or
reimburse for our products reverse or limit their coverage in the future, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further,
we believe that future coverage and reimbursement may be subject to increased restrictions, such as additional preauthorization requirements, both in the United States and in international
markets. If we are unable to satisfy any new preauthorization requirements or adjust to any future new restrictions on our products, third-party coverage and reimbursement may be limited in the
future, which could have an adverse impact on our business. A recent change to the criteria for Medicare coverage for our products could have an adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. The Medicare Administrative Contractors, or MACs, responsible for processing Medicare claims for durable medical equipment released a Local Coverage
Determination, or LCD,
document that included additional restrictive criteria that limits Medicare coverage of our products for certain patients. This LCD, released by the MACs on December 17, 2015, is retroactively
effective, beginning December 1, 2015. The LCD increases the severity of lymphedema symptoms that a patient must exhibit before such patient is eligible for Medicare reimbursement for a
pneumatic compression device, or PCD. The LCD also inserts more restrictive criteria that require a patient to potentially endure a longer period of conservative therapy to prove that it fails to
control their lymphedema, instead of requiring completion of just one 4-week round of conservative therapy as stated in the National Coverage Determination, or NCD. The LCD states that to qualify for
any PCD, the patient must complete four consecutive weeks of conservative therapy with no significant improvement in symptoms during those four weeks. Further, the LCD does not cover use of an
advanced pneumatic compression device, such as our Flexitouch System, unless the patient's lymphedema is present in the chest, trunk or abdomen. Although many patients with lymphedema likely do have
some level of chest, trunk or abdominal involvement, this criteria in the LCD means that patients with lymphedema that is confined to the limb will not have access to advanced pneumatic compression
devices until the lymphedema progresses to impact the trunk, chest or abdomen. The LCD pneumatic compression device coverage criteria for chronic venous insufficiency with venous stasis ulcers
largely track existing NCD criteria, while defining the elements of a required conservative therapy trial. Under the new LCD, advanced pneumatic compression devices like our Flexitouch System are no
longer covered at all for the treatment of venous stasis ulcers. Since the LCD was released, we have worked with physicians, advocacy groups, patients and legislators regarding the potentially
negative consequences to patients that the LCD could cause. Although, as a result of these communication strategies, we have not 14 Table of Contents experienced
any significant negative impact on our Medicare fee-for-service business, the LCD could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, private payers often
follow Medicare's lead in setting reimbursement criteria and, if the LCD is not overturned, private payers may adopt the same or similar coverage standards as set forth in the LCD. The U.S. patent protection for our Flexitouch System will expire in 2017, which may subject us to increased
competition and reduce or eliminate our opportunity to generate product revenues. The four U.S. patents for our Flexitouch System will expire in 2017. Upon expiration of such patents, our Flexitouch System could be subject to increased
competition for products attempting to replicate our technology and our opportunity to increase or maintain revenues from our Flexitouch System could be substantially reduced. If we are unable to expand, manage and maintain our direct sales and marketing organizations, we may not be
able to generate anticipated revenues. Our operating results are directly dependent upon the sales and marketing efforts of our employees. If our direct sales force fails to adequately promote,
market and sell our products, our sales may suffer. Our direct sales force has grown from three representatives in March 2005 to a team of over 110 people as of September 30, 2016. In
order to generate future sales growth, we will need to expand the size and geographic scope of our direct sales organization. Accordingly, our future success will depend largely on our ability to
continue to hire, train, retain and motivate skilled sales personnel with significant technical knowledge of lymphedema and chronic venous insufficiency. Because the competition for their services is
high, we cannot assure you we will be able to hire and retain additional personnel on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Failure to hire or retain qualified sales personnel would
prevent us from building awareness of our solutions, expanding our business and generating additional sales. If we are unable to expand our sales and marketing capabilities, we may not be able to
effectively commercialize our products, which could have an a