Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our business depends upon the success of our proprietary platform. Our success depends on our ability to use our proprietary platform to discover the natural targets of clinically relevant TCRs through our
TargetScan technology, to discover highly active TCRs for known targets through our ReceptorScan technology, to genetically engineer patient- or donor-derived T cells safely and reproducibly through our T-Integrate technology, to obtain regulatory approval for product candidates derived from our proprietary platform and related technologies, and to then commercialize our product candidates addressing one or
more indications. All of our product candidates will require significant additional clinical and non-clinical development, review and approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities in one or more
jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before they can be successfully commercialized. Our platform and our product candidates have not yet been evaluated in
humans and may never become commercialized. Moreover, all of our current product candidates are being developed using our proprietary platform and leveraging the same or similar technology, manufacturing process and development program. As a result,
an issue with one product candidate or failure of any one program to obtain regulatory approval could adversely impact our ability to successfully develop and commercialize all of our other product candidates. In addition, the success of our proprietary platform in discovering novel targets for TCR-T therapy is
dependent on us obtaining tumor samples from cancer patients who actively respond to cancer immunotherapies. If our ability to obtain a significant amount of such tumor samples in a timely manner is compromised due to unforeseen circumstances,
we may not be successful in discovering novel targets and creating new product candidates based on such targets. Our limited
operating history may make it difficult to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. We are
a preclinical-stage immunotherapy company with a limited operating history. We commenced operations in April 2018, and our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, conducting
discovery and research activities, filing patent applications, identifying potential product candidates, undertaking preclinical studies, entering into collaborations, establishing manufacturing for initial quantities of our product candidates, and
establishing arrangements for component materials for such manufacturing. All of our product candidates are still in preclinical development. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully initiate, conduct or complete any clinical trials,
obtain marketing approvals, manufacture clinical or commercial-scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales, marketing and distribution activities necessary for successful product commercialization.
Consequently, any predictions about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. In addition, as a young business, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown
factors. We eventually may need to transition at some point from a company with a research and development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. We expect our financial condition and operating results to continue to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to
a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, the results of any quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of future operating performance. 16 Table of Contents We have incurred significant losses since inception, and we expect to incur losses over the
next several years and may not be able to achieve or sustain revenues or profitability in the future. Investment in
biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable
safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. We are still in the early stages of development of our product candidates and have not yet initiated our first clinical trial. We have no products licensed for commercial sale
and have not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and we continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. We have financed our operations primarily through private placements
of our preferred stock. We have incurred significant net losses in each period since our inception in April 2018. For the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2020, we reported net losses of $13.7 million and $26.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $43.5 million. We expect to continue to incur significant losses
for the foreseeable future, and we expect these losses to increase substantially if and as we: • continue our research and development efforts to identify and develop lead product candidates and submit
investigational new drug applications, or INDs, for such lead product candidates; • conduct preclinical studies and commence clinical trials for our current and future product candidates based on
our proprietary platform; • develop processes suitable for manufacturing and clinical development • continue to develop and then expand our manufacturing capabilities; • seek marketing approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; • build commercial infrastructure to support sales and marketing for our product candidates; • expand, maintain and protect our intellectual property portfolio; • hire additional clinical, regulatory and scientific personnel; and • operate as a public company. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with biopharmaceutical product research and development, we are unable to
accurately predict the timing or amount of increased expenses we will incur or when, if ever, we will be able to achieve profitability. Even if we succeed in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we will continue to incur
substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop, seek regulatory approval for, and market additional product candidates. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that
may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to
have an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and working capital. We have never generated any revenue from sales of
cell-therapy products and our ability to generate revenue from cell-therapy product sales and become profitable depends significantly on our success in a number of areas. Our ability to become profitable depends upon our ability to generate revenue. To date, we have not generated any revenue from sales of any of
our product candidates. We do not expect to generate significant revenue unless or until we successfully complete clinical development and obtain regulatory approval of, and then successfully commercialize, at least one of our product candidates.
All of our product candidates are in the preclinical stages of development and will require additional preclinical studies, process development, clinical development, regulatory review and approval, substantial investment, access to sufficient
commercial 17 Table of Contents manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. None of our product candidates have completed IND-enabling studies. TSC-100, one of our lead product candidates targeting HA-1, an epitope present on leukemia cells, is in the
early stages of development and has not yet been evaluated in clinical trials and will require additional regulatory review and approval, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing
efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. Our other product candidates are in early preclinical stages. We have not yet administered any of our product candidates in humans and, as such, we face significant translational risk as
our product candidates advance to the clinical stage. Our ability to generate revenue depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: • our ability to develop processes suitable for clinical manufacturing and to obtain related CMC regulatory
approvals; • timely completion of our preclinical studies and clinical trials, which may be significantly slower or cost more
than we currently anticipate and will depend substantially upon the performance of third party contractors; • our ability to complete IND-enabling studies and successfully submit INDs
or comparable applications; • whether we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or similar foreign regulatory authorities
to conduct additional clinical trials or other studies beyond those planned to support the approval and commercialization of our product candidates or any future product candidates; • our ability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities the safety,
potency, purity and acceptable risk to benefit profile of our product candidates or any future product candidates; • the prevalence, durati