This offering and an investment in our shares of common stock involve a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below and all other information contained in this prospectus, before you decide to buy our shares of common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our shares of common stock would likely decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Outbrain and Outbrain’s Industry Our revenue and results of operations are highly dependent on overall advertising demand in the markets in which we operate. Factors that affect the amount of advertising spending, such as economic downturns and unexpected events, like the COVID-19 pandemic, can make it difficult to predict our revenue and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business depends on the overall demand for advertising in the markets in which we operate and on the business trends of our current and prospective media partners and advertisers. Macroeconomic factors could cause advertisers to reduce their advertising budgets, including adverse economic conditions and general uncertainty about economic recovery or growth, particularly in North America, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), and Asia, where we conduct most of our business, as well as instability in political or market conditions generally. Reductions in overall advertising spending as a result of these factors or due to the occurrence of unanticipated events could make it difficult to predict our future performance. The occurrence of unforeseen events, like the pandemic, that affect advertising demand may have a disproportionate impact on our revenues and profitability in certain periods and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We cannot predict the extent to which the ongoing and evolving COVID-19 pandemic, including the resulting global economic uncertainty, and measures taken in response to the pandemic, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In March 2020, the World Health Organization (“WHO”) characterized the rapid spread of the COVID-19 disease as a pandemic. Since then, the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the global economy and put unprecedented strains on governments, health care systems, educational institutions, businesses, and individuals around the world, resulting in regional quarantines, labor shortages or stoppages, changes in consumer purchasing patterns, disruptions to the ability of service providers to deliver data on a timely basis, or at all, and overall economic instability. The impact on the global population and the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to assess or predict. It is also difficult to predict the impact on the global economic market, which depends upon the actions of governments, businesses, and other enterprises in response to the pandemic and the effectiveness of those actions. The pandemic has already caused, and is likely to result in further, significant disruption of global financial markets and economic uncertainty. Although the advertising market and our business have generally recovered from the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, it did initially impact our sales and operations adversely. We continue to monitor our operations, and the operations of those in our ecosystem (including media partners, advertisers and agencies), as well as government recommendations. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we required most employees to work remotely, suspended all non-essential travel worldwide for our employees, canceled or postponed company-sponsored events, and discouraged employee attendance at industry events and in-person work-related meetings. Although we continue to monitor the situation and will adjust our current policies over time, temporarily suspending travel and doing business remotely could negatively impact our marketing efforts, lengthen sales cycles, slow down our recruiting efforts, and/or create operational or other challenges as we adjust to a fully (or partially)-remote workforce, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. By contrast, as the economy recovers and pandemic concerns ease, certain media partners may experience a decline in traffic from the height of traffic during the work-from-home peak digital usage periods. As a result, by comparison to our 2020 results of operations, our results of operations in future periods may be unpredictable. 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS In order to meet our growth objectives, we will need to continue to innovate, seek to have advertisers and media partners adopt our expanding solutions, and extend our reach into evolving digital media platforms. If we fail to grow, or fail to manage our growth effectively, the quality of our platform and solutions may suffer, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. Our growth plans depend upon our ability to innovate, attract advertisers and media partners to our solutions to buy and sell new inventory, and expand the use of our solutions by advertisers and media partners utilizing other digital media platforms and video. Our business model may not translate well into emerging forms of advertising due to market resistance or other factors, and we may not be able to innovate successfully enough to compete effectively. The advertising technology market is dynamic, and our success depends upon our ability to develop innovative new technologies and solutions for the evolving needs of sellers of digital advertising, including websites, applications and other media partners, and buyers of digital advertising. We also need to grow significantly to develop the market reach and scale necessary to compete effectively with large competitors. This growth depends to a significant degree upon the quality of our strategic vision and planning. The advertising market is evolving rapidly, and if we make strategic errors, there is a significant risk that we will lose our competitive position and be unable to achieve our objectives. The growth we are pursuing may itself strain the organization, harming our ability to continue that growth, and to maintain the quality of our operations. If we are not able to innovate and grow successfully, the value of our company may be adversely affected. The continued growth in our business may place demands on our infrastructure and our operational, managerial, administrative, and financial resources. Our success will depend on our ability to manage growth effectively. Among other things, this will require us at various times to: • strategically invest in the development and enhancement of our platform and data center infrastructure; ​ • manage multiple relationships with various media partners, advertisers, and other third parties; ​ • extend our operating, administrative, legal, financial, and accounting systems and controls; ​ • increase coordination among our engineering, product, operations, go-to-market and other support organizations; and ​ • recruit, hire, train, and retain personnel. ​ If we do not manage our growth well, the efficacy and performance of our platform may suffer, which may harm our reputation and reduce demand for our platform and solutions. Failure to manage our growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our research and development efforts may not meet the demands of a rapidly evolving technology market resulting in a loss of customers, revenue, and/or market share. We expect to continue to dedicate significant financial and other resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain or improve our competitive position. However, investing in research and development personnel, developing new solutions and enhancing existing solutions is expensive and time consuming. Our research and development activities may be directed at maintaining or increasing the performance of our recommendations, developing tools that improve productivity or efficiency, or introducing new solutions. However, there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant new marketable solutions, enhancements to our current solutions, design improvements, additional revenue or other expected benefits. Furthermore, there is no assurance that our efforts to promote new or enhanced solutions, like video solutions or new advertiser tools, will be successful. If we spend significant time and effort on research and development but are unable to generate an adequate return on our investment, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS Loss of large media partners could have a significant impact on our revenue and results of operations. A significant portion of our recommendations are placed on web pages and mobile applications of a small number of our media partners. Certain partners may reduce or terminate their business with us at any time for any reason, including as a result of changes in their financial condition or other business circumstances, such as a change in strategy or model by which they monetize their properties. In 2020 and 2019, each of our two largest media partners accounted for approximately 10% of our revenues. If a large media partner reduces or terminates its relationship with us, or if several small or medium-sized media partners terminate their relationships with us, we may not have access to sufficient media partners to satisfy demand from advertisers resulting in lower revenues. In addition, losing key media partners may lead advertisers to seek alternate advertising solutions, which could slow our growth