—Risks Related to the Discovery, Development and Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates—We have limited experience in therapeutic discovery and development and our GEODe ™ platform may never result in the regulatory approval of a product candidate.” Group 2 PH is a subtype of PH which develops secondary to left heart disease (“LHD”). This is a common, chronic, life-threatening condition with complex causality for which there are presently no FDA-approved medications. PH-HFpEF is characterized by declining cardiac function, fibrotic tissue remodeling in the heart, and in some patients, fibrotic remodeling in the pulmonary vasculature as well. We have elected to prioritize development of TX45 in PH-HFpEF because of the high unmet medical need in this population and the specific physiological actions of relaxin that suggest that it could address the key pathophysiology of the disease which involves both impairment of left ventricular function and high pressures in the pulmonary arteries, and in some patients, high resistance in the pulmonary vasculature. There are no FDA approved therapies in Group 2 PH including PH-HFpEF. Furthermore, prior clinical data in patients with acute and chronic heart failure treated with a continuous infusion of a short half-life relaxin is supportive of the potential utility of relaxin administration in these patients. Clinical trials are ongoing to evaluate the hypothesis that relaxin could provide efficacy in patients with PH-HFpEF. Beyond PH-HFpEF, we believe there are additional areas where TX45 could provide benefit to patients, such as pulmonary hypertension in the setting of heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (“PH-HFrEF”), as well as with diseases that result in the chronic deterioration of lung and/or kidney function due to vasoconstriction and fibrotic remodeling. In September 2024, we announced favorable results from a Phase 1a trial evaluating safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetic (“PK”) and pharmacodynamic (“PD”) properties for TX45. In this trial, TX45 was well tolerated after intravenous (IV) doses ranging from 0.3mg/kg to 3 mg/kg and subcutaneous (“SC”) doses ranging from 150mg to 600mg. PK profile revealed dose proportional PK and a half-life of 14-20 days. PD response of TX45 on renal plasma flow (“RPF”) was assessed in each dose cohort at multiple timepoints post dose. From the multiple PK/PD measurements a robust exposure-response Emax model was developed to enable dose selection for our Phase 2 trial. Based on this exposure-response model the doses of 300 mg SC every 2 weeks and 300 mg SC every 4 weeks were chosen for the TX45 Phase 2 trial in PH-HFpEF. Both of these doses are expected to result in steady state trough exposures yielding near maximal (300mg Q4W) or maximal (300mg Q2W) pharmacodynamic effects throughout the dosing interval. The Phase 1b acute hemodynamic trial (TX000045-002) has completed enrollment in Part A which included 19 patients with PH-HFpEF. Part A included participants with both combined pre- and post-capillary PH (“CpcPH”) and isolated post-capillary PH (“IpcPH”). Top line data of Day1 hemodynamics and accumulated safety revealed that TX45 was well tolerated in this patient population after single IV doses ranging from 0.3mg/kg to 3mg/kg. There have been no serious or severe adverse events, no evidence of an immune related reaction, and no trial discontinuations. Data from an interim analysis of 16 of 19 patients reported in January 2025, showed that IV administration of TX45 resulted in significant improvements in various hemodynamic measures as assessed by right heart catheterization over the first 8 hours post dose. These improvements included the reduction in pulmonary capillary wedge pressure (“PCWP”) in the whole population and a reduction in pulmonary vascular resistance (“PVR”) in patients with CpcPH. Additionally, TX45 produced a reduction in mean pulmonary artery pressure (“mPAP”) and an increase in cardiac output and stroke volume. Part B of this trial is ongoing and plans to evaluate single IV safety and hemodynamic effects of TX45 in patients with PH-HFrEF. Our Phase 2 clinical trial, which we refer to as the APEX trial (TX000045-003), was initiated early in the fourth quarter of 2024. This trial is a Phase 2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled 24-week trial in PH-HFpEF patients, enriched for patients with CpcPH. In this trial, approximately 180 participants will be randomized in a 1:1:1 manner to either placebo, 300mg every 2 weeks or 300mg every 4 weeks. The primary endpoint for the Phase 2 trial is the change from baseline in PVR and a key secondary endpoint is change from baseline in PCWP. Other secondary endpoints include additional hemodynamic endpoints, change from baseline in 6 minute walk distance and change in symptoms as assessed by the Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire (“KCCQ”). 84 Table of Contents TX2100: GPCR Antagonist for Hereditary Hemorrhagic Telangiectasia (“HHT”) Our second program, TX2100, is aimed at the discovery and development of a GPCR targeting biotherapeutic as a potential treatment for HHT, the second-most common genetic bleeding disorder. In HHT, abnormal blood vessel formations result in telangiectasias and arterio-venous malformations or “AVMs.” These abnormal vessels are prone to spontaneous and severe bleeding that can be life-threatening. There are no currently approved therapies to treat HHT. In HHT patients, mutations have been identified in BMP9, BMP10, Endoglin, ALK1 and SMAD4 proteins, all of which are members of a common signaling pathway. Preclinically, knock-out or inhibition of pathway members leads to increased expression of factors that drive angiogenesis and abnormal blood vessel formation that phenocopy the clinical situation. The GPCR target for our HHT program is a receptor for an angiogenic factor known to be upregulated in HHT animal models. By blocking the signaling of this receptor, we anticipate the potential for decreased bleeding resulting from the abnormal angiogenesis seen in HHT. We selected TX2100 as a development candidate. TX2100 is a VHH-Fc fusion antagonist to an undisclosed GPCR target (“GPCR3”). We intend to start IND enabling toxicology studies in the second quarter of 2025 and expect to initiate a Phase 1 clinical trial for TX2100 in the fourth quarter of 2025 or the first quarter of 2026, subject to the results of IND-enabling studies. GPCR Modulator Bispecific for Fibrosis Our third program is aimed at the discovery and development of a potential therapy for fibrotic diseases and employs a bispecific format for the construction of a molecule with a differentiated mechanism of action. The strategy leverages two targets, one with previous human proof of concept and one novel target. Both targets are expressed on overlapping cell types with complementary and nonoverlapping modes of action that simultaneously could enhance the therapeutic potential over modulating either target on its own. Anticipated Milestones Over the next few years, we anticipate that several significant milestones could be achieved for our lead asset TX45. This includes presentation of the final data from Part A of our Phase 1b acute hemodynamic trial at a medical meeting later this year, data from Part B of the Phase 1b trial in patients with PH-HFrEF in the second half of 2025, and data from the randomized Phase 2 trial in patients with PH-HFpEF in 2026. A development candidate from our HHT program may also advance into clinical trials in the fourth quarter of 2025 or the first quarter of 2026 and could progress into efficacy trials in patients in late 2026 or early 2027. Our GEODe TM platform has been optimized over the last three years and is being used to discover biologic drugs targeting GPCRs. We are deploying our GEODe TM platform to generate additional pipeline assets by identifying and optimizing new GPCR targeted biologics that have the potential to address areas of substantial unmet need. Background on GPCRs GPCRs are a family of over 800 proteins found on the surface of cells throughout the body that mediate the body’s response to extracellular stimuli by initiating a series of enzymatic reactions on the inside of cells which result in changes to cellular physiology. The diversity, functional specificity and localization to particular cell or tissue types makes GPCRs an especially compelling class of drug targets. Over 30% of approved drugs spanning a wide range of therapeutic areas, including metabolic diseases, inflammation, respiratory diseases, neurology and cancer, exert their action by modulating GPCRs. The targets for these medicines, however, represent only approximately 12% of known GPCRs, leaving at least as many GPCRs that are considered druggable still unexploited. GPCRs have a complex topology which has made both the protein production and purification of GPCRs outside of their natural environment in the cellular lipid membrane, as well as the identification of viable drug candidates to target them, challenging. 85 Table of Contents Background on Relaxin / RXFP1 Biology Relaxin is a naturally occurring peptide hormone that was first identified in 1926 in the setting of pregnancy. Relaxin is upregulated during pregnancy to allow for hemodynamic adaptation and increased cardiac output in response to the increased demands to the developing fetus and to allow for loosening of the pelvic ligaments prior to delivery. Relaxin is a member of the insulin superfamily of peptide hormones, and it consists of two peptide chains linked by disulfide bonds. Notably, activation of the RXFP1 receptor by relaxin does not result in internalization of the receptor, as is observed with many other GPCRs, which suggests there would be no receptor desensitization with chronic therapy using a relaxin-based agent. Relaxin has long been of interest as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of cardiovascular disease because of its natural effects on hemo