-Risks Related to Our
Operations and Financial Condition.” 46 Our
funding requirements and timing and amount of our operating expenditures will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: ■
the rate of progress in the development of our TELOMIR-1 program and other development programs; ■
the scope, progress, results and costs of pre-clinical studies and clinical trials for any other current and future programs; ■
the number and characteristics of programs and technologies that we develop or may in-license; ■
the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including manufacturing, marketing, sales and distribution, for any of our
programs for which we receive marketing approval; ■
the costs necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, if any, for any approved products in the United States and other jurisdictions, and
the costs of post-marketing studies that could be required by regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where approval is obtained; ■
the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights
and defending any intellectual property-related claims; ■
the continuation of our existing licensing arrangements and entry into new collaborations and licensing arrangements; ■
the costs we incur in maintaining business operations; ■
the costs of hiring additional clinical, quality control, manufacturing and other scientific personnel; ■
the costs adding operational, financial and management information systems and personnel; ■
the costs associated with being a public company; ■
the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of our programs for which we receive marketing approval; ■
the effect of competing technological and market developments; and ■
the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products and technologies, including entering into licensing or collaboration
arrangements for programs. Identifying
potential programs, product candidates, conducting pre-clinical studies and clinical trials is a time consuming, expensive and uncertain
process that takes years to complete, and we may never generate the necessary data or results required to obtain marketing approval and
achieve product sales. In addition, our programs, if approved, may not achieve commercial success. Our commercial revenues, if any, will
be derived from sales of products that we do not expect to be commercially available for many years, if ever. Accordingly, we will need
to obtain substantial additional funds to achieve our business objectives. Recently
Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements On
January 1, 2022, we adopted Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 842 ASC Topic 842, which is intended to improve
financial reporting about leasing transactions. Under the standard, organizations that lease assets, referred to as “Lessees”
shall recognize on the balance sheet the assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. In addition,
the standard requires disclosures including financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from
leases. We do not expect that the adoption of Topic 842 will materially impact our Company’s operations. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements During
the periods presented, we did not have, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP) and SEC rules. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We
are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate risks and inflation risks.
Periodically, we maintain deposits in accredited financial institutions in excess of the FDIC federally insured limits. We deposit our
cash in financial institutions that we believe have high credit quality and have not experienced any losses on such accounts and do not
believe we are exposed to any unusual credit risk beyond the normal credit risk associated with commercial banking relationships. Interest
Rate Risk Our
cash consists of cash in readily available checking accounts. We may also invest in short-term money market fund investments. Such interest-earning
instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk; however, historical fluctuations in interest income have not been significant. Inflation
Risk Inflation
generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and research and development contract costs. We do not believe inflation has had
a material effect on our results of operations during the periods presented. 47 BUSINESS Overview We
are a pre-clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of TELOMIR-1, a novel small molecule
being developed to function as an oral in situ therapeutic treatment for human stem cells. Based on our pre-clinical studies and
if approved by the FDA and comparable foreign regulators, we believe that TELOMIR-1 may effectively serve as a metal enzyme inhibitor
of essential metals such as zinc and copper. These essential metals play an important role in the production and function of many enzymatic
reactions and the modulation of key cellular pathways. In particular, zinc is essential to the function of pro-inflammatory cytokines
such as Interleukin-17, or IL-17, that play a role in a host of age-related inflammatory conditions such as hemochromatosis and osteoarthritis
as well as in post-chemotherapy health problems. IL-17 is a type of pro-inflammatory cytokine, and while the pro-inflammatory properties
of IL-17 are key to its host-protective capacity, unrestrained IL-17 signaling is associated with immunopathology, inflammatory disease
and cancer progression. Our initial focus will be on treatments to inhibit the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as IL-17,
by oral administration of TELOMIR-1 as a therapeutic treatment for stem cells in situ . To the best of our knowledge, there is
no approved oral IL-17 inhibitor. Our goal is to advance the clinical development of TELOMIR-1 in the United States for the treatment
of age-related inflammatory conditions such as hemochromatosis and osteoarthritis, as well as in post-chemotherapy recovery, with our
initial targeted indications being hemochromatosis and post-chemotherapy recovery. Pluripotent
stem cells are a type of stem cells that have the ability to undergo self-renewal and to give rise to various cell types of the tissues
of the body. Based on pre-clinical studies, we believe that TELOMIR-1 may have the potential to protect stem cells in situ by
reducing the overload of metals such as zinc and copper that accompany age-related inflammatory conditions and certain cancers by modulating
pro-inflammatory cytokines such as IL-17. If demonstrated in clinical trials and approved by the FDA and comparable foreign regulators,
we believe that TELOMIR-1 may protect the stem cells by elongating and stimulating the telomeres to sustain self-renewal of stem
cells. Telomeres are repetitive DNA sequences at the end of chromosomes that protect the chromosomes from becoming frayed or tangled.
Each time a cell divides, the telomeres become slightly shorter, and eventually they become so short that the cell can no longer divide,
with the result being that the cell dies. Effectively, telomeres protect the ends of our chromosomes by forming a cap, much like the
plastic tip on shoelaces, thereby allowing the chromosome to be replaced properly during cell division. TELOMIR-1
is currently under investigation to provide a potential therapeutic intervention against age-related inflammatory conditions such as
hemochromatosis, as well as for post-chemotherapy recovery, by interrupting and preventing the IL-17 induced inflammatory pathways that
create the systemic imbalance of cellular metals. Our pre-clinical studies suggest that TELOMIR-1 may inhibit the concentration and accumulation
of metals such as zinc and copper in the serum that drive the hyperactivity of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as IL-17. Our studies
suggest that TELOMIR-1 may achieve this outcome by selectively binding to metal ions in a dose dependent manner, slowing enzyme reactivity,
and protecting and lengthening telomeres in the human chromosome. We believe that TELOMIR-1 has potential as a non-toxic oral enzyme
inhibitor that may regulate the overactivity of the enzymes caused by excessive metal reactivity. To
date, we have completed several pre-clinical proof-of-concept studies with respect to TELOMIR-1 that were designed to demonstrate that
TELOMIR-1 is not mutagenic and has good biological and metal binding capabilities. These studies included an Ames test for the TELOMIR-1
compound and several Eurofins BioMap studies. We
were organized as a Florida corporation in August 2021 for the purpose of pursuing the development and commercialization of TELOMIR-1
in the United States in human applications. We were originally incorporated under the name “Metallo Therapies Inc.” and changed
our name to “Telomir Pharmaceuticals, Inc.” in October 2022. Our rights to develop and commercialize TELOMIR-1 are licensed
to us under a license agreement with MIRALOGX under which we have the exclusive right to develop and commercialize TELOMIR-1 for human
and non-human applications in the United States. See “—Intellectual Property.” We
are an early-stage company that had net losses of $3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, $0.85 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, and $0.14 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 48 In
Situ Therapeutic Treatment of Stem Cells Stem
cells have the potential to renew themselves. They can develop into many different cell types in the body during early and adult life.
Pluripotent stem cells have the ability to differentiate into all of the cells of the adult body. Since pluripotent stem cells are undifferentiated,
they do not have any tissue-specific characteristics that allo