—Risks Related to Intellectual
Property.” Licensing and Other Intellectual Property-Related Agreements TERN-101 License Agreement with Eli Lilly In February 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Eli Lilly, or the TERN-101 License Agreement, pursuant to which we have been granted an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable (subject to certain conditions), royalty-bearing license under certain intellectual property rights,
including patents applications filed in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions claiming the composition of the compound Eli Lilly has 136 Table of Contents designated as LY2562175 and methods of using the same and certain know-how related to the manufacture of LY2562175 owned or controlled by Eli Lilly to
develop, manufacture and commercialize therapeutic products containing LY2562175, or TERN-101 Products, for all uses and indications in humans. Eli Lilly also has the right, on a country-by-country and TERN-101 Product-by-TERN-101 Product basis, to negotiate an agreement governing the co-promotion of TERN-101 Products if we, or our sublicensees, decide to commercialize a TERN-101 Product in the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. Pursuant to the terms of the TERN-101 License Agreement, we must use commercially
reasonable efforts to develop, manufacture, apply for regulatory approval of and commercialize TERN-101 Products in the People’s Republic of China. In addition, Eli Lilly provided us, at its expense,
certain support in connection with the transfer of the licensed materials. As consideration for the exclusive license, we
are required to pay Eli Lilly up to an aggregate of $56 million upon the achievement of pre-specified clinical, regulatory and commercial milestone events for TERN-101 Products; no such milestones have been achieved to date under the TERN-101 License Agreement. We are also required to pay tiered royalties calculated on a calendar year basis, ranging from mid-single digit to mid teen percentages, on net sales of TERN-101 Products. The royalty rate is subject to customary reductions, including reductions based on certain
generic competition to a TERN-101 Product or amounts paid to any third party under a necessary license to such third party’s patent rights in order to develop, manufacture, commercialize or use a TERN-101 Product. The royalty term will terminate on a country-by-country, TERN-101 Product-by-TERN-101 Product basis on the later of (i) the expiration date of the last valid claim within the licensed patent
rights infringed by the sale of such TERN-101 Product in such country, (ii) the loss of regulatory exclusivity for such TERN-101 Product in such country, and
(iii) the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of such TERN-101 Product in such country. Any intellectual property or inventions developed solely by either party in connection with activities conducted pursuant to
the TERN-101 License Agreement shall be owned solely by that party, and any jointly-developed intellectual property or inventions shall be jointly owned (although no joint development activities are
anticipated). We have the first right to prosecute, maintain, defend and enforce certain patents licensed under the TERN-101 License Agreement, including any patents that are solely and directly related to
LY2562175 or TERN-101 Products. The TERN-101 License Agreement shall expire upon the expiration of the last-to-expire royalty term for the TERN-101 Products on a country-by-country basis. Upon expiration of the TERN-101 License
Agreement, the license granted to us shall be considered fully paid-up, irrevocable, perpetual and non-exclusive. Either we or Eli Lilly may terminate the TERN-101 License Agreement if the other party commits a material breach of the agreement or defaults in the performance thereunder and fails to cure that breach within 90 days after written notice is provided, or in
the event of insolvency of the other party. We may terminate the TERN-101 License Agreement in its entirety or on a country-by-country and TERN-101 Product-by-TERN-101 Product basis upon 180 days’ prior written notice. Eli Lilly may terminate the TERN-101 License Agreement if we, our affiliates or our sublicensees challenge the licensed patents or if we assist any third party in challenging such patents. TERN-201 License Agreement with Eli Lilly In March 2018, we entered into an exclusive license agreement with Eli Lilly, or the TERN-201 License Agreement, pursuant to which we have been granted an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable (subject to certain conditions), royalty-bearing license under certain intellectual property rights,
including patents applications filed in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions claiming the composition of the compound Eli Lilly has designated as LY3379274, and methods of using the same and certain know-how related to the manufacture of LY3379274 owned or controlled by Eli Lilly to develop, manufacture, and commercialize therapeutic products containing LY3379274, or TERN-201 Products, for all uses and indications in humans. Eli Lilly has a right of 137 Table of Contents first negotiation to negotiate an agreement covering the commercialization of any TERN-201 Product before we negotiate the same with a third party. Eli
Lilly also has the right, on a country-by-country and TERN-201 Product-by- TERN-201 Product basis, to negotiate an agreement governing the co-promotion of TERN-201 Products if we, or our sublicensees, decide to commercialize a TERN-201 Product in the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. Pursuant to the terms of the TERN-201 License Agreement, we must use commercially
reasonable efforts to develop, manufacture, apply for regulatory approval of and commercialize TERN-201 Products in the People’s Republic of China, the United States, Japan, France, Germany, Italy, Spain
and the United Kingdom. In addition, Eli Lilly provided us, at its expense, certain support in connection with the transfer of the licensed materials. As initial consideration for the license under the TERN-201 License Agreement, we paid
Eli Lilly a non-refundable, upfront payment of $4 million. As additional consideration for the exclusive license, we are required to pay Eli Lilly up to an aggregate of $104 million upon the
achievement of specified clinical and regulatory milestone events for TERN-201 Products. No development milestones have been achieved to date under the TERN-201 License
Agreement. We are also required to pay tiered royalties, ranging from mid-single digit to mid-teen percentages, on annual net sales of TERN-201 Products. The royalty rate is subject to customary reductions, including reductions based on certain
generic competition to a TERN-201 Product or amounts paid to any third party under a necessary license to such third party’s patent rights in order to develop, manufacture, commercialize or use a TERN-201 Product. The royalty term will terminate on a country-by-country, TERN-201 Product-by-TERN-201 Product basis on the later of (i) the expiration date of the last valid claim within the licensed patent
rights infringed by the sale of such TERN-201 Product in such country, (ii) the loss of regulatory exclusivity for such TERN-201 Product in such country, and
(iii) the tenth anniversary of the first commercial sale of such TERN-201 Product in such country. Any intellectual property or inventions developed solely by either party in connection with activities conducted pursuant to
the TERN-201 License Agreement shall be owned solely by that party, and any jointly-developed intellectual property or inventions shall be jointly owned (although no joint development activities are
anticipated). We have the first right to prosecute, maintain, defend and enforce certain patents licensed under the TERN-201 License Agreement, including any patents that are solely and directly related to
LY3379274 or TERN-201 Products. The TERN-201 License Agreement shall expire upon the expiration of the last-to-expire royalty term for the TERN-201 Products on a country-by-country basis. Upon expiration of the TERN-201 License
Agreement, the license granted to us shall be considered fully paid-up, irrevocable, perpetual and non-exclusive. Either we or Eli Lilly may terminate the TERN-201 License Agreement if the other party commits a material breach of the agreement or defaults in the performance thereunder and fails to cure that breach within 90 days after written notice is provided, or in
the event of insolvency of the other party. We may terminate the TERN-201 License Agreement in its entirety or on a country-by-country and TERN-201 Product-by-TERN-201 Product basis upon 180 days prior written notice. Eli Lilly may terminate the TERN-201 License Agreement if we, our affiliates or our sublicensees challenge the licensed patents or if we assist any third party in challenging such patents. THR- b Agonist Assignment Agreement with
Vintagence Biotechnology Ltd. In June 2019, we entered into an assignment agreement with Vintagence Biotechnology
Ltd., or Vintagence, pursuant to which Vintagence assigned to us certain worldwide intellectual property rights that are directed to THR- b agonists. In particular,
we have been assigned a Chinese patent application and potentially certain other patents or patent applications and know-how relating to our THR- b program. We are also entitled to license the rights granted to us under the assignment agreement. 138 Table of Contents Pursuant to the terms of the assignment agreement, we must use commercially
reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize a product based on the assigned intellectual property in each of several major market territories. During the term of the assignment agreement, Vintagence may not develop, manufacture, commercialize or otherwise exploit any
compound covered by any of the assigned patent rights. In the event Vintagence develops a THR- b agonist not covered 