An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. See
    the information contained in or incorporated by reference under “ Risk Factors ” on page 11 of this prospectus
    supplement and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference herein, as well as the other
    information included in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. The Nasdaq Capital Market symbol TGL Transfer Agent and Registrar VStock Transfer LLC 10 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. Before investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the risks described below and discussed
under the section captioned “Risk Factors” contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2024 as well as any amendment or update to our risk factors reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC. Each of these risk factors,
either alone or taken together, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect
the value of an investment in our common stock. There may be additional risks that we do not presently know of or that we currently believe
are immaterial, which could also impair our business and financial position. If any of the events described below were to occur, our financial
condition, our ability to access capital resources, our results of operations and/or our future growth prospects could be materially and
adversely affected and the market price of our common stock could decline. As a result, you could lose some or all of any investment you
may make in our common stock. Risks Related to Our
Business There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. We have incurred substantial operating losses
since our inception. For the year ended June 30, 2024, we had approximately $200,013 cash on hand, an accumulated deficit of approximately
$38.0 million at June 30, 2024, a net loss of approximately $6.59 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, and approximately $4.7 million
net cash used by operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2024. For the three month period ended September 30, 2024, we had approximately
$72,561cash on hand, an accumulated deficit of approximately $39.0 million at September 30, 2024, a net loss of approximately $950,707
for the three month period ended September 30, 2024, and approximately $(976,319) million net cash used by operating activities for the
three month period ended September 30, 2024. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We anticipate incurring
additional losses until such time, if ever, that we will be able to effectively market our products. Also, we will seek to obtain additional capital
through the sale of debt or equity financing or other arrangements to fund operations; however, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity may dilute existing stockholders and
newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding shares of common stock. Issued debt securities
may contain covenants and limit our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders. If we are unable to obtain such
additional financing, future operations would need to be scaled back or discontinued. Due to these factors, management believes that there
is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months from the issuance of these consolidated financial
statements. If we have insufficient capital to operate our
business under our current business plan, we have contingency plans for our business that include, among other things, the delay of the
introduction of new products and a reduction in headcount which is expected to substantially reduce revenue growth and delay our profitability.
There can be no assurance that our implementation of these contingency plans will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We have a limited operating history in an
evolving industry, which makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. We have a limited operating history on which to
base an evaluation of our business and prospects. We are subject to all the risks inherent in a small company seeking to develop, market
and distribute new services, particularly companies in evolving markets such as the internet, technology and payment systems. The likelihood
of our success must be considered, in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in
connection with the development, introduction, marketing and distribution of new products and services in a competitive environment. Such risks for us include, but are not limited
to, dependence on the success and acceptance of our services, the ability to attract and retain a suitable client base and the management
of growth. To address these risks, we must, among other things, generate increased demand, attract a sufficient clientele base, respond
to competitive developments, increase the “ZCITY” brand names’ visibility, successfully introduce new services, attract,
retain and motivate qualified personnel and upgrade and enhance our technologies to accommodate expanded service offerings. In view of
the rapidly evolving nature of our business and our limited operating history, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating
results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. We are therefore subject to many of the risks
common to early-stage enterprises, including under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial and
other resources and lack of revenues. 11 If we fail to raise capital when needed
it will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have limited revenue-producing operations and
will require the proceeds from this offering to execute our full business plan. We believe the proceeds from our November 2023 offering
and this offering plus other transactions will be sufficient to cover our funding needs through the middle of the second calendar quarter
of our fiscal year 2025 (i.e., the fourth quarter of the year ending December 31, 2024). Further, no assurance can be given if additional
capital is needed as to how much additional capital will be required or that additional financing can be obtained, or if obtainable, that
the terms will be satisfactory to us, or that such financing would not result in a substantial dilution of shareholder interest. A failure
to raise capital when needed would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
debt and other equity financing may involve a pledge of assets and may be senior to interests of equity holders. Any debt financing secured
in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters,
which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital or to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions.
If adequate funds are not obtained, we may be required to reduce, curtail or discontinue operations. None of our material contracts are long
term and if not renewed could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have entered into material contracts with a
number of companies that directly or indirectly provide the goods and services that appear on our ZCITY App. The majority of these contracts
can be terminated by any party with 30 days’ notice. The contract with iPay88 (the “iPay88 Agreement”), which provides
the payment gateway for many of the brands that can be accessed through the ZCITY App, has no termination clause which means that iPay88
could terminate the iPay88 Agreement without any notice. If one or more of these contracts were not renewed or were terminated and we
were not able to enter into agreements with others that could replace these services, the ZCITY App could lose material features and in
turn we could find it harder to maintain and grow our user base, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. For a description
of these material contracts See “ Business-About ZCITY App .” We rely on email, internet search engines
and application marketplaces to drive traffic to our ZCITY App, certain providers of which offer products and services that compete directly
with our products. If links to our applications and website are not displayed prominently, traffic to our ZCITY App could decline and
our business would be adversely affected. Email continues to be a verification source of
organic traffic for us. If email providers or internet service providers implement new or more restrictive email or content delivery or
accessibility policies, including with respect to net neutrality, it may become more difficult to deliver emails to our users or for user
verification process. For example, certain email providers, including Google, categorize our emails as “promotional,” and
these emails are directed to an alternate, and less readily accessible, section of a users’ inbox. If email providers materially
limit or halt the delivery of our emails, or if we fail to deliver emails to users in a manner compatible with email providers’
email handling or authentication technologies, our ability to contact users through email could be significantly restricted. In addition,
if we are placed on “spam” lists or lists of entities that have been involved in sending unwanted, unsolicited emails, marketing
campaigns and busines