" section of this prospectus. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. Overview We are one of the largest providers of highly engineered thermal solutions for process industries. For over 50 years, we have
served a diverse base of thousands of customers around the world in attractive and growing markets, including energy, chemical processing and power generation. We are a global leader and one of the
few thermal solutions providers with a global
footprint and a full suite of products and services required to deliver comprehensive solutions to complex projects. We serve our customers locally through a global network of sales and service
professionals and distributors in more than 30 countries and through our four manufacturing facilities on three continents. These global capabilities and longstanding relationships with some of the
largest multinational energy, chemical processing, power and EPC companies in the world have enabled us to diversify our revenue streams and opportunistically access high growth markets worldwide. For
the six months ended September 30, 2010, 72% of our revenues were generated outside of the United States. Revenue. Our revenues are derived from providing customers with a full suite of innovative and reliable heat tracing solutions,
including electric
and steam heat tracing, tubing bundles, control systems, design optimization, engineering services and installation services. Our sales are primarily to industrial customers for petroleum and chemical
plants, oil and gas production facilities and power generation facilities. Demand for industrial heat tracing solutions falls into two categories: (i) new facility construction, which we refer
to as Greenfield projects, and (ii) recurring maintenance, repair and operations and facility upgrades or expansions, which we refer to as MRO/UE. Greenfield construction projects often require
comprehensive heat tracing solutions. We believe that Greenfield revenue consists of sales revenues by customer in excess of $1 million annually (excluding sales to agents, who typically resell
our products to multiple customers), and typically includes most orders for projects related to facilities that are new or that are built independent of existing facilities. We refer to sales revenues
by customer of less than $1 million annually, which we believe are typically derived from MRO/UE, as MRO/UE revenue. Based on our experience, we believe that $1 million in annual sales
is an appropriate threshold for distinguishing between Greenfield revenue and MRO/UE revenue. However, we often sell our products to intermediaries or subcontract our services; accordingly, we have
limited visibility into how our products or services may ultimately be used and can provide no assurance that our categorization may accurately reflect the sources of such revenue. Furthermore, our
customers do not typically enter into long-term forward maintenance contracts with us. In any given year, certain of our smaller Greenfield projects may generate less than $1 million in annual
sales, and certain of our larger plant expansions or upgrades may generate in excess of $1 million in annual sales, though we believe that such exceptions are few in number and insignificant to
our overall results of operations. Cost of sales. Our cost of revenues includes primarily the cost of raw material items used in the manufacture of our products,
cost of ancillary
products that are sourced from external suppliers and construction labor cost. Additional costs of revenue include contract engineering cost directly associated to projects, direct labor cost,
external sales commissions, and other costs associated with our manufacturing/fabrication shops. The other costs associated with our manufacturing/fabrication shops are mainly indirect production
costs, including depreciation, indirect labor costs, and the costs of manufacturing support functions such as logistics and quality assurance. Key raw material costs include polymers, copper,
stainless steel, insulating material, and other miscellaneous parts related to products 51 Table of Contents manufactured
or assembled as part of our heat tracing solutions. Historically, the cost of our primary raw materials have been stable and readily available from multiple suppliers, and we have been
generally successful with passing along raw material cost increases to our customers. Therefore, increases in the cost of key raw materials of our products have not generally affected our gross
margins. We cannot provide any assurance, however, that we may be able to pass along such cost increases to our customers in the future, and if we are unable to do so, our results of operations may be
adversely affected. Operating expenses. Our marketing, general and administrative and engineering expenses are primarily comprised of compensation
and related costs for
sales, marketing, pre-sales engineering and administrative personnel, as well as other sales related expenses and other costs related to research and development, insurance, professional
fees, the global integrated business information system, provisions for bad debts and warranty. Key drivers affecting our results of operations. Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by numerous
factors, including those
described above under "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this prospectus and those described below: • Timing of Greenfield projects. Our results of operations
in recent years have been impacted by the various construction phases of large Greenfield projects. On very large projects, we are typically designated as the heat tracing provider of choice by the
project owner. We then engage with multiple contractors to address incorporating various heat tracing solutions throughout the overall project. Our largest Greenfield projects may generate revenue for
several quarters. In the early stages of a Greenfield project, our revenues are typically realized from the provision of engineering services. In the middle stages, or the material requirements phase,
we typically experience the greatest demand for our heat tracing cable, at which point our revenues tend to accelerate. Revenues tend to decrease gradually in the final stages of a project and are
generally derived from installation services and demand for electrical panels and other miscellaneous electronic components used in the final installation of heat tracing cable, which we frequently
outsource from third-party manufacturers. We tend to experience higher margins in the middle stages of a Greenfield project, when the demand for our manufactured products is at its highest. By
contrast, we tend to experience lower margins in the beginning and final stages of a Greenfield project, when demand is highest for our lower margin engineering and installation services and
outsourced electronic components. • Cyclicality of end-users' markets. Demand for our products
and services depends in large part upon the level of capital and maintenance expenditures of our customers and end users, in particular those in the energy, chemical processing and power generation
industries, and firms that design and construct facilities for these industries. These customers' expenditures historically have been cyclical in nature and vulnerable to economic downturns.
Greenfield projects, and in particular large Greenfield projects ( i.e. , new facility construction projects generating in excess of $5 million in
annual sales), have been a substantial source of revenue growth in recent years, and Greenfield revenues tend to be more cyclical than MRO/UE revenues. In recent years we have noted particular
cyclicality in capital spending for new facilities in Asia, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. A sustained decrease in capital and maintenance spending or in new facility construction by our
customers could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and services and our business, financial condition and results of operations. • Impact of product mix. As a comprehensive provider of heat
tracing solutions, we provide both our products and services to both Greenfield and MRO/UE customers. We tend to experience lower margins from our design optimization, engineering, installation and
maintenance services than we do from sales of our heating cable, tubing bundle and control system products. We also tend to experience lower margins from our outsourced products, such as electrical
switch gears 52 Table of Contents and
transformers, than we do from our manufactured products. Accordingly, our results of operations are impacted by our mix of products and services. For MRO/UE orders, the sale of our manufactured
products typically represents a higher proportion of the overall revenues associated with such order than the provision of our services. Greenfield projects, on the other hand, require a higher level
of our services than MRO/UE orders. Therefore, we typically realize higher margins from MRO/UE revenues than Greenfield revenues. • Large and growing installed base. Customers typically use
the incumbent heat tracing provider for MRO/UE projects to avoid complications and compatibility problems associated with switching providers. Therefore, with the significant Greenfield activity we
have experienced in recent years, our installed base has continued to grow, and we expect that such installed base will continue to generate ongoing high margin MRO/UE revenues. For fiscal 2010,
MRO/UE sales comprised approximately 60% of our consolidated revenues. • Seasonality of MRO/UE revenues. Revenues realized from
MRO/UE orders tend to be less cyclical than Greenfield projects and more consistent quarter over quarter, although MRO/UE revenues are impacted by seasonal factors. MRO/UE revenues are typically
highest during the third fiscal quarter, as most of our customers perform preventative maintenance prior to the winter season. Stock-Based Compensation Expense O