” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in each case appealing elsewhere in this prospectus or in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 incorporated herein by reference. References in this prospectus to “Tiptree,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Tiptree Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Our Business Tiptree is a holding company focused on enhancing shareholder value by generating consistent and growing earnings at our operating companies. Our consolidated subsidiaries are currently engaged in the following businesses - specialty insurance, asset management, senior living and specialty finance. We selectively manage our specialty insurance segment investments across multiple asset classes, sectors and geographies, which we believe distinguishes us from many other insurance companies. We evaluate our performance primarily by the comparison of our shareholder’s long-term total return on capital, as measured by Adjusted EBITDA and growth in book value per share plus dividends paid. We currently have four reporting segments: specialty insurance, asset management, senior living, and specialty finance. Corporate and other primarily contains corporate expenses not allocated to the operating businesses. Risks Affecting Our Business Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described in “Risk Factors” appearing elsewhere in this prospectus or in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 before making a decision to invest in our common stock. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock would likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Below is a summary of some of the principal risks that we face. • We operate in highly competitive markets for business opportunities and personnel, which could impede our growth and negatively impact our results of operations. • Acquisitions may have unforeseen operating difficulties and may require greater than expected financial and other resources and we may fail to successfully integrate the businesses we acquire which would have an adverse effect on our business results of operation and financial condition. • The amount of statutory capital and reserve requirements applicable to our insurance subsidiaries can increase due to factors outside of our control. • Our insurance subsidiaries’ actual claims losses may exceed their reserves for claims, which may require them to establish additional reserves that may materially and adversely affect their business, results of operations and financial condition. • We may need to raise additional capital in the future or may need to refinance existing indebtedness, but there is no assurance that such capital will be available on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all. 1 • Our information systems may fail or their security may be compromised, which could damage our specialty insurance business and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. • We operate our specialty insurance segment through Fortegra Financial Corporation (“Fortegra”), an insurance holding company which is dependent on independent financial institutions, lenders and retailers for distribution of its products and services, and the loss of these distribution sources, or their failure to sell Fortegra’s products and services could materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. • Fortegra may lose clients or business as a result of consolidation within the financial services industry. • A downgrade in our insurance subsidiaries’ claims paying ability or financial strength ratings could increase policy surrenders and withdrawals, adversely affecting relationships with distributors and reducing new policy sales. • Our insurance subsidiaries may incur losses if reinsurers are unwilling or unable to meet their obligations under reinsurance contracts. • Due to the structure of some of Fortegra’s commissions, it is exposed to risks related to the creditworthiness of some of its agents. • Our investable assets include nonperforming residential real estate mortgage loans, which have inherent risks that may be exacerbated due to geographic concentrations and reliance on third parties. • Changes in collateralized loan obligations (“CLO”) spreads and an adverse market environment could make it difficult for us to launch new CLOs thereby reducing management fees paid to Telos, which could adversely affect our profitability. • In advance of issuing and managing a new CLO, we expect to enter into warehouse agreements which may expose us to substantial risks. • Our real estate operating entities expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or could increase our costs and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. • Liability relating to environmental matters may decrease the value of our real estate assets. • Violation of fraud and abuse laws applicable to our real estate tenants, lessees and operators may jeopardize a tenant’s, lessee’s or operator’s ability to make payments to us. • Some of our investments are made jointly with other persons or entities, which may limit our flexibility with respect to such jointly owned investments and could, thereby, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and our ability to sell these investments. • The volume of our mortgage loan originations is subject to a variety of factors, which include the level of interest rates, overall conditions in the housing market and general economic trends. • Our mortgage business is highly dependent upon programs administered by GSEs, such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae, to generate revenues through mortgage loan sales to institutional investors. Any changes in existing U.S. government-sponsored mortgage programs could materially and adversely affect our mortgage businesses, financial condition and results of operations. • We may be unable to obtain sufficient capital to meet the financing requirements of our mortgage business. • In our mortgage business, we may sustain losses and/or be required to indemnify or repurchase loans we originated, or will originate, if, among other things, our loans fail to meet certain criteria or characteristics. • We may be limited in the future in utilizing net operating losses incurred during prior periods to offset taxable income. • A portion of our assets are illiquid or have limited liquidity, which may limit our ability to sell those assets at favorable prices or at all and creates uncertainty in connection with valuing such assets. • We leverage our assets and a decline in the fair value of such assets may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. • Certain of our and our subsidiaries’ assets are subject to credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, credit spread risk, call and redemption risk and/or tax risk, and any one of these risks may materially and adversely affect the value of our assets, our results of operations and our financial condition. • Our risk mitigation or hedging strategies could result in our experiencing significant losses that may materially adversely affect us. • The values we record for certain investments and liabilities are based on estimates of fair value made by our management, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate and may not be indicative of the value we can realize on a sale. • Because we are a holding company, our ability to meet our obligations and pay dividends to stockholders will depend on distributions from our subsidiaries that may be subject to restrictions. 2 • Some of our officers and directors currently or may in the future act as members, managers, officers, directors or employees of entities with conflicting business strategies. • We incur costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to these compliance activities. • Some provisions of our charter may delay, deter or prevent takeovers and business combinations that stockholders consider in their best interests. • Maryland takeover statutes may prevent a change of our control, which could depress our stock price. • Our holding company structure with multiple lines of business, may adversely impact the market price of our Class A common stock and our ability to raise equity and debt capital. • The accounting rules applicable to certain of our transactions are highly complex and require the application of significant judgment and assumptions by our management. In addition, changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our financial statements. • Maintenance of our 1940 Act exemption imposes limits on our operations. • A change in law, regulation or regulatory enforcement applicable to insurance products could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. • Compliance with existing and new regulations affecting our business in regulated industries may increase costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. • Our businesses are subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. • Failure to protect our clients’ confidential information and privacy could result in the loss of our reputation and customers, reduction in our profitability and subject us to fines, penalties and litigation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Principal Executive Offices Our principal place of business is located at 780 Th