An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all the
other information contained in this prospectus before you decide to buy our common stock. If any of the following risks related to our business actually occurs, our business, financial condition and
operating results would be adversely affected. The market price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties related to our business, or related to an investment in
our common stock, and you may lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We are substantially dependent upon our relationship with CNH. We are an authorized dealer of CNH agricultural and construction equipment and parts. In fiscal 2008, CNH supplied approximately 77.9% of the new equipment we
sold and represented a significant portion of our parts revenue. Our acquisition strategy contemplates the acquisition of additional CNH geographic areas of responsibility and store locations in both
the agricultural and construction equipment areas. We depend on CNH Capital America LLC, or CNH Capital, for floorplan financing to purchase a substantial portion of our inventory. In addition,
CNH Capital provides a significant percentage of the financing used by our customers to purchase CNH equipment from us. CNH also provides incentive programs and discount programs from time to time
that enable us to price our products more competitively. In addition, CNH conducts promotional and marketing activities on national, regional and local levels. Due to our substantial dependence on
CNH, our success depends, in significant part, on (i) the overall reputation and success of CNH; (ii) the availability and terms of floorplan financing and customer financing from CNH
Capital; (iii) the incentive and discount programs provided by CNH and its promotional and marketing efforts for its industrial and agricultural products; (iv) the goodwill associated
with CNH trademarks; (v) the introduction of new and innovative products by CNH; (vi) the manufacture and delivery of competitively-priced, high quality equipment and parts by CNH in
quantities sufficient to meet our customers' requirements on a timely basis; (vii) the quality, consistency and management of the overall CNH dealership system; and (viii) the ability of
CNH to
manage its risks and costs, including those associated with being a multinational company. If CNH does not provide, maintain or improve any of the foregoing, or if CNH were sold or reduced or ceased
operations, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. CNH may terminate its dealership agreements with us or change the terms of those agreements, which could adversely affect our business. Under our dealership agreements with CNH through CNH America LLC, CNH's U.S. manufacturing entity, CNH entities have the right to terminate these
agreements immediately in certain circumstances, and, in some cases, for any reason 90 days following written notice. Furthermore, CNH entities may change the terms of their agreements with us,
among other things, to change our sales and service areas and/or the product, pricing or delivery terms. CNH routinely conducts evaluations of dealership standards, customer satisfaction surveys and
market share studies, the results of which can impact the relationships with its dealers. CNH uses the evaluation results to increase or decrease the monetary rewards to dealers, or limit or expand
the availability of financing, warranty reimbursements or other marketing incentives. If CNH were to change the terms of any or all of these agreements in a manner that adversely affects us, our
business may be harmed, and if CNH were to terminate all or any of its dealer agreements with us, our business would be severely harmed. 8 Restrictions in our CNH dealership agreements may significantly affect our operations and growth and prevent a change in control of our company. We operate our stores pursuant to CNH's customary dealership agreements. These agreements impose a number of restrictions and obligations on us with respect to
our operations, including our obligations to actively promote the sale of CNH equipment within our designated geographic areas of responsibility, fulfill the warranty obligations of CNH, provide
services to our customers, maintain sufficient parts inventory to service the needs of our customers, maintain inventory in proportion to the sales potential in each sales and service geographic area
of responsibility, maintain adequate working capital and maintain stores only in authorized locations. Prior consent of CNH is required for the acquisition by another party of 20% or more of our
outstanding stock and for our acquisition of other CNH dealerships; otherwise, CNH may terminate our dealership agreements. There can be no assurances that CNH will give its consent. The restrictions
and obligations in our CNH dealership agreements limit our flexibility in operating our current stores and acquiring new stores, which could have an adverse effect on our operations and growth.
Furthermore, the requirement that CNH consent to the acquisition by any party of 20% or more of our outstanding stock may have the effect of discouraging transactions involving a change in our
control, including transactions that stockholders might deem to be in their best interests. Our agricultural equipment dealer appointments are not exclusive to the geographic areas we serve, which could adversely affect our operations and
financial condition. CNH could appoint other agricultural equipment dealers in close proximity to our existing stores. The sales and service geographic areas of responsibility
assigned to our dealerships can be enlarged or reduced by CNH upon 30 days' prior written notice. CNH and other agricultural equipment dealers can also sell in our sales and service geographic
areas of responsibility. To the extent CNH appoints other agricultural equipment dealers within our markets, enlarges or reduces the sales and service geographic areas of responsibility relating to
our stores, amends the dealership agreements or imposes new or different terms or conditions under the dealer agreements, our operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by an under-supply of new equipment or an over-supply of used equipment. If our suppliers cannot continue to provide us a reliable supply of new equipment, we may not be able to meet the our customers' demand and our operating results
could be negatively impacted. In light of the current growing global demand for agricultural commodities and the equipment needed to produce those commodities, agricultural equipment suppliers may
experience difficulty providing all dealerships a reliable supply of new agricultural equipment, which could adversely impact our results of operations. Further, an under-supply of equipment may cause
prices for such equipment to increase. To the extent we cannot pass on any increased costs of equipment to our customers, our operating results may suffer. Conversely, an industry
over-supply of used and rental equipment may also adversely affect our operations. Short-term lease programs and commercial rental agencies for construction and agricultural
equipment have expanded significantly in North America. Nationwide rental conglomerates have become sizeable purchasers of new equipment and can have a significant impact on industry sales and
margins. When equipment comes off of lease or is replaced with newer equipment by rental agencies, there may be a significant increase in the availability of late-model used equipment. An
over-supply of used equipment could adversely affect demand for, or the market prices of, new and used equipment. In addition, a decline in used equipment prices could have an adverse
effect on residual values for leased equipment, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 9 If our acquisition plans are unsuccessful, we may not achieve our planned revenue growth. We believe a significant portion of our future growth will depend on our ability to acquire additional dealerships. Our ability to continue to grow through the
acquisition of additional CNH geographic areas of responsibility and store locations or other businesses will be dependent upon the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable costs,
our ability to compete effectively for available acquisition candidates and the availability of capital to complete the acquisitions. We may not successfully identify suitable targets, or if we do, we
may not be able to close the transactions, or if we close the transactions, they may not be profitable. In addition, CNH's consent is required for the acquisition of any CNH dealership, and the
consent of Bremer Bank National Association is required for the acquisition of any dealership. CNH typically evaluates management, performance and capitalization of a prospective acquirer in
determining whether to consent to the sale of a CNH dealership. There can be no assurance that CNH or Bremer will consent to any or all acquisitions of dealerships that we may propose. Our potential inability to successfully integrate newly-acquired dealerships may adversely affect our financial results. Once an acquisition is completed, we face many other risks commonly encountered with growth through acquisitions. These risks include incurring significantly
higher than anticipated capital expenditures and operating expenses; failing to assimilate the operations and personnel of the acquired dealerships; disrupting our ongoing business; dissipating our
management resources; failing to maintain uniform standards, controls and policies; and impairing relationships with employees and customers as a result of changes in management. Fully integrating an
acquired dealership 