An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this prospectus, before making a decision to invest in our units. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our
Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are a blank check company
with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we will not commence operations
until obtaining funding through this offering. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans,
arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any
operating revenues. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we
hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if
we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if the holders of a majority of our ordinary shares do not approve of
the business combination we complete. Please see the section entitled “Proposed Business—Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination” for additional information. Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem
your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the
specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business
combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which
will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a “going concern.” As of June 30, 2021, we had no cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficit
of $106,146. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address 46 Table of Contents this need for capital through this offering are discussed in the section of this prospectus titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
contained elsewhere in this prospectus do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate this offering or our inability to continue as a going concern. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the recent and ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. A significant outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread health crisis that could continue to: • adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, leading to changes in interest rates, reduced
liquidity and a continued slowdown in global economic conditions; • provoke turbulence in financial markets which could make it impossible to raise additional capital to consummate
a deal including debt or equity; • disrupt our operations and those of our potential partners, including those helping us diligence or search for
targets, due to illness or efforts to mitigate the pandemic, including but not limited to government-mandated shutdowns, other social distancing measures, travel restrictions, office closures and measures impacting on working practices, such as the
imposition of remote working arrangements, and quarantine requirements and isolation measures under local laws; • negatively impact the health of members of our management team; • adversely affect our ability to conduct redemptions; and • materially and adversely affect the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business
combination. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or if the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate
a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may continue to emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the ongoing actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. The
global spread of COVID-19 could materially and adversely affect our operations and financial condition due to the disruptions to commerce, reduced economic activity and other unforeseen consequences of a
pandemic that are beyond our control. While vaccines for COVID-19 are being, and have been developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine will be effective, work as expected or be made available or
will be accepted on a significant scale and in a timely manner. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a
business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 or other infectious diseases may also have the effect of
heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, such as those related to the market for our securities. 47 Table of Contents As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets
may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential
targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such
companies currently in registration. As a result, and because we do not seek to acquire a target business that uses or at the time of the business combination plans to use a VIE structure to conduct China-based operations, at times, fewer attractive
targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available
targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as
economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise
complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult an