” for other important factors that could adversely impact us and our results of operations. We strive to ensure that addressing these risks does not divert our attention from
continuing to build on the strengths that we believe have driven the growth of our business. How We Assess the Performance of Our
Business In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. Net Sales Net sales reflect revenue
from the sale of our merchandise at store locations as well as sales of merchandise through our e-commerce store, which is reflected in sales when the merchandise is received by the customer. Net sales also include shipping and handling fees for
e-commerce shipments that have been delivered to the customer. Net sales are net of returns on sales during the period as well as an estimate of returns expected in the future stemming from current period sales. Revenue from the sale of gift cards
is deferred and not included in net sales until the gift cards are used to purchase merchandise. However, over time, the redemption of some gift cards becomes remote (referred to as gift card breakage). Revenue from estimated gift card breakage is
also included in net sales. Our business is seasonal and as a result our revenues fluctuate from quarter to quarter. In addition, our
revenues in any given quarter can be affected by a number of factors including the timing of holidays and weather patterns. The third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year, which include the back-to-school and holiday sales seasons, have
historically produced stronger sales and disproportionately stronger operating results than have the first two quarters of the fiscal year. Comparable Store Sales Comparable
store sales are net sales from stores that have been open at least 12 full fiscal months as of the end of the current reporting period. A remodeled or relocated store is included in comparable store sales, both during and after construction, if the
square footage of the store was not changed by more than 20% and the store was not closed for more than five days in any fiscal month. 36 Table of Contents Comparable store sales include sales through our e-commerce store, but exclude gift card breakage income. Some of our competitors and other retailers may calculate comparable or “same
store” sales differently than we do. As a result, data in this prospectus regarding our comparable store sales may not be comparable to similar data made available by other retailers. Measuring the change in year-over-year comparable store sales allows us to evaluate how our store base is performing. Numerous factors affect our
comparable store sales, including: Ÿ overall economic trends; Ÿ our ability to identify and respond effectively to consumer preferences and fashion trends; Ÿ competition; Ÿ the timing of our releases of new and seasonal styles; Ÿ changes in our product mix; Ÿ pricing; Ÿ the level of customer service that we provide in stores; Ÿ our ability to source and distribute products efficiently; Ÿ calendar shifts of holiday or seasonal periods; Ÿ the number and timing of store openings and the relative proportion of new stores to mature stores; and Ÿ the timing and success of promotional and advertising efforts. Opening new stores is an important part of our growth strategy and we expect a significant percentage of our net sales during this growth period to come from non-comparable store sales. Accordingly, comparable
store sales are only one element we use to assess the success of our business. Gross Profit Gross profit is equal to our net sales less our cost of goods sold. Cost of goods sold reflects the direct cost of purchased merchandise as well as
buying, distribution and occupancy costs. Buying costs include compensation expense for our internal buying organization. Distribution costs include inbound freight costs as well as costs for receiving, processing, warehousing and shipping of
merchandise to or from our distribution center, to our e-commerce customers and between store locations. Occupancy costs include the rent, common area maintenance, utilities, property taxes, security, and depreciation costs of all store locations.
These costs are significant and can be expected to continue to increase as our company grows. The components of our reported cost of goods sold may not be comparable to those of other retail companies. We regularly analyze the components of gross profit as well as gross profit as a percentage of net sales. Specifically we look at the initial
markup on purchases, markdowns and reserves, shrinkage, buying costs, distribution costs and occupancy costs. Any inability to obtain acceptable levels of initial markups, a significant increase in our use of markdowns or a significant increase in
inventory shrinkage or inability to generate sufficient sales leverage on the buying, distribution and occupancy components of cost of goods sold could have an adverse impact on our gross profit and results of operations. Gross profit is also impacted by shifts in the proportion of sales of proprietary branded products compared to third-party branded products, as
well as by sales mix shifts within and between brands and between major product categories such as guys’ and juniors’ apparel, footwear or accessories. A 37 Table of Contents substantial shift in the mix of products could have a material impact on our results of operations. In addition, gross profit and gross profit as a percent of sales have historically been higher
in the third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year, as these periods include the back-to-school and winter holiday selling seasons. This reflects that various costs, including occupancy costs, generally do not increase in proportion to the seasonal
sales increase. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Our selling, general and administrative, or SG&A, expenses are composed of store selling expenses and corporate-level general and administrative expenses. Store selling expenses include store and regional
support costs, including personnel, advertising and debit and credit card processing costs, e-commerce processing costs and store supplies costs. General and administrative expenses include the payroll and support costs of corporate functions such
as executive management, legal, accounting, information systems, human resources and other centralized services. Store selling expenses generally vary proportionately with net sales and store growth. In contrast, general and administrative expenses
are generally not directly proportional to net sales and store growth, but will be expected to increase over time to support the needs of our growing company. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales are usually higher in lower volume periods
and lower in higher volume periods. The components of our SG&A expenses may not be comparable to those of other retailers. We
expect that our SG&A expenses will increase in future periods due to our continuing store growth and in part due to additional legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses we expect to incur as a result of being a public company. Among other
things, we expect that compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules and regulations could result in significant incremental legal, accounting and other overhead costs. Our stock-based awards contain a performance condition whereby the company’s common stock must be publicly traded in order to exercise vested
options. Unrecognized cumulative stock-based compensation expense through April 30, 2011, before any related tax benefit, was $4.2 million. We will recognize this non-cash deferred compensation as an SG&A expense upon the consummation of
our initial public offering. Operating Income Operating income equals gross profit less SG&A expenses. Operating income excludes interest income, interest expense and income taxes. Operating income percentage measures operating income as a percentage of
our net sales. Income Taxes Historically, World of Jeans & Tops has elected to be taxed under the provisions of Subchapter “S” of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, for federal tax purposes. As a
result, its income has not been subject to U.S. federal income taxes or state income taxes in those states where the “S” Corporation status is recognized. In general, the corporate income or loss of an “S” Corporation is
allocated to its stockholders for inclusion in their personal federal income tax returns and personal state income tax returns in those states where the “S” Corporation status is recognized. No provision or liability for federal or state
income tax has been provided in our financial statements except for those states where the “S” Corporation status is not recognized and for the 1.5% California franchise tax to which we are also subject as a California “S”
Corporation. The provision for income tax in the current period consists of these taxes. World of Jeans & Tops has distributed funds to its shareholders in an amount necessary to satisfy the shareholders’ estimated personal
“S” Corporation income tax liabilities. 38 Table of Contents As a result of the Reorganization Transaction, World of Jeans & Tops’ “S”
Corporation status will terminate and World of Jeans & Tops will be treated as a “C” Corporation under Subchapter C of the Code. The revocation of World of Jeans & Tops’ “S” Corporation election will have a
material impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our effective income tax rate will increase and our net income will decrease since we will be subject to both federal and state taxes on our earnings. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to