.” Adoption of the Lapiplasty System The growth of our business depends on our ability to gain broader acceptance of the Lapiplasty System by successfully marketing
and distributing the Lapiplasty System and ancillary products. We currently have approval at over 1,000 facilities across the United States and plan to continue to increase access by convincing even more surgeons and facility administrators that our
products are superior alternatives to traditional products used in bunion surgical procedures. While surgeon adoption of the Lapiplasty Procedure remains critical to driving procedure growth, hospital and ambulatory surgery center facility approvals
are necessary for both existing and future surgeon customers to access our products. To facilitate greater access to our products and drive future sales growth, we intend to continue educating hospitals and facility administrators on the
differentiated benefits associated with the Lapiplasty System, supported by our robust portfolio of clinical data. If we are unable to successfully commercialize our Lapiplasty System, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to achieve or
sustain profitability. In the near term, we expect we will continue to operate at a loss and we anticipate we will finance our operations principally through offerings of our capital stock and by incurring debt. If we are unable to raise adequate
additional capital, we will be unable to maintain our commercialization efforts and our revenues could decline. Investments in Innovation and
Growth We expect to continue to focus on long-term revenue growth through investments in our business. In sales
and marketing, we are also dedicating meaningful resources to expand our sales force and management team in the United States. We are hiring additional direct sales representatives and employee field sales management to strategically access more
regions with high densities of prospective patients and by focusing the efforts of our independent sales channel on our products. In research and development, our team and our Surgeon Advisory Board are continually working on next-generation
innovations of the Lapiplasty System and related products. In addition to expanding our Lapiplasty offerings with products like the Lapiplasty Mini-Incision System, we are continually exploring opportunities to advance our core Lapiplasty System
instrumentation and implants to further improve surgical efficiency, enhance reproducibility of outcomes and speed surgical recovery for patients. We are also pursuing the development and potential commercialization, if cleared, of new products to
address ancillary surgical procedures performed routinely in connection with the Lapiplasty Procedure. Moreover, in general and administrative, we expect to continue to hire personnel and expand our infrastructure to both drive and support our
anticipated growth and operations as a public company. Accordingly, in the near term, we expect these activities to increase our net losses, but in the longer term we anticipate they will positively impact our business and results of operations. Seasonality We have experienced and expect to continue to experience seasonality in our business, with higher sales volumes in the fourth
calendar quarter and lower sales volumes in the first calendar quarter. Our sales volumes in the fourth calendar quarter tend to be higher as many patients elect to have surgery after meeting their annual deductible and having time to recover over
the winter holidays. Our sales volumes in the first calendar quarter also tend to be lower as a result of adverse weather and by resetting annual patient healthcare insurance plan deductibles, both of which may cause patients to delay elective
procedures. The orthopaedic industry traditionally experiences lower sales volumes in the third quarter than throughout the rest of the year as elective procedures generally decline during the summer months. Although we follow orthopaedic industry
trends generally, to date our third quarter sales volumes have not been lower than other quarters, but we may experience relatively lower sales volumes during third quarters in the future. 68 Table of Contents Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the United States. In response to COVID-19, certain states within the United States implemented shelter-in-place rules requiring certain businesses not deemed “essential,” to close and requiring elective procedures to be delayed. As a result, our revenue growth
was adversely impacted from March 2020 through May 2020 when such restrictions were largely eased. There is significant
uncertainty around the breadth and duration of business disruptions related to COVID-19, as well as its impact on the United States and international economies. We cannot reasonably estimate the length or
severity of this pandemic, and while we experienced revenue growth during the pandemic, we have reduced our revenue growth forecasts to reflect a lower number of surgical procedures. As a result, we shifted our priorities to: (i) reducing discretionary spending, (ii) maintaining the existing
employee base and (iii) preserving liquidity. We have taken the following actions: • Implemented a remote working environment, except for a limited staff on-site for critical business continuity functions, from March 2020 to September 2020. • Reduced or delayed patient and surgeon medical education events, which we expect to continue while quarantine
and shelter-in-place restrictions continue. • Reduced salaries for existing employees for a savings of $256,000 in 2020 and implemented a hiring freeze from
March 2020 to June 2020. The aggregate amount from the temporary salary reductions was repaid to employees in February 2021. • Received $1.8 million in Small Business Administration (SBA) loans under the PPP (Payroll Protection
Plan) portion of the CARES Act, which was repaid in March 2021. • Amended the Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank to increase our line of credit from
$5.0 million to $10.0 million and entered into the Term Loan Facility Agreement with CR Group LP (CRG), which provides us with up to $50.0 million in financing. While we are confident in our actions to address the negative impact of COVID-19 on
the business to date, there can be no assurances that these actions will be sufficient to support our business growth during the pandemic or that the pandemic will not again more negatively impact our business. Coverage and Reimbursement Hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and surgeons that purchase or use our products generally rely on third-party payors to
reimburse for all or part of the costs and fees associated with procedures using our products. As a result, sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the procedures using our products are covered by third-party payors, including
government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, private insurance plans and managed care programs. Based on historical claims data from 2017, approximately 63% of Lapidus cases and 60% of all bunion surgical cases were paid by private payors. Medicare payment rates to hospital outpatient departments are set under the Medicare hospital outpatient prospective
payment system (OPPS), which groups clinically similar hospital outpatient procedures and services with similar costs to ambulatory payment classifications (APCs). Each APC is assigned a single lump sum payment rate, which includes payment for the
primary procedure as well as any integral, ancillary, and adjunctive services. The primary CPT codes for the Lapiplasty Procedure, CPT 28297 and CPT 28740, are grouped together under APC 5114. For Lapiplasty Procedures in which fusion is performed
on multiple TMT joints, CPT 28730 applies and is classified under APC 5115. 69 Table of Contents Components of Our Results of Operations Revenue We
currently derive all of our revenue from the sale of our proprietary Lapiplasty System, and to a lesser extent ancillary products. The Lapiplasty System is comprised of single-use implant kits and reusable instrument trays. We sell the Lapiplasty
System to physicians, surgeons, hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers in the United States through a network of independent agents and employee sales representatives. Our primary product is the Lapiplasty System, which is an instrumented,
reproducible approach to 3D bunion correction that helps patients rapidly return to weight-bearing in a post-operative boot. We also offer other advanced instrumentation and implants for use in the Lapiplasty Procedure or other ancillary procedures
performed in high frequency with bunion surgery. No single customer accounted for 10% or more of our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020. We expect our revenue to increase in absolute dollars in the foreseeable future as we expand
our sales territories, new accounts and trained physician base and as existing physician customers perform more Lapiplasty Procedures, though it may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors, including seasonality. Cost of Goods Sold Cost of goods sold consists primarily of costs related to third-party manufacturing costs for the purchase of our Lapiplasty
System products from third-party manufacturers. Direct costs from our third-party manufacturers includes costs for raw materials plus the markup for the assembly of the components. Cost of goods sold also includes royalties, allocated overhead for
indirect labor, depreciation, rent and information technology, certain direct costs such as those incurred for shipping our products and personnel costs. We expense all inventory provisions for excess and obsolete inventories as cost of goods sold.
We record adjustments to our inventory valuation for estimated excess, obsolete and non-sellable inv