An investment in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks and
all of the other information set forth in this prospectus before deciding whether to invest in our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely
suffer. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock would likely decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks related to our industry and our business Our business is cyclical and is
significantly affected by changes in general and local economic conditions. Our business can be substantially affected
by adverse changes in general economic or business conditions that are outside of our control, including changes in: • short- and long-term interest rates; • the availability and cost of financing for homebuyers; • consumer confidence generally and the confidence of potential homebuyers in particular; • the ability of existing homeowners to sell their existing homes at prices that are acceptable to them; • U.S., Canadian and global financial system and credit markets, including stock market and credit market volatility; • private and federal mortgage financing programs and federal, state and provincial regulation of lending practices; • federal, state and provincial income tax provisions, including provisions for the deduction of mortgage interest payments; • housing demand from population growth and demographic changes (including immigration levels and trends in urban and suburban migration); • demand from overseas buyers for our homes (particularly in our GTA market), which may fluctuate according to economic circumstances in overseas
markets; • the supply of available new or existing homes and other housing alternatives, such as apartments and other residential rental property; • employment levels and job and personal income growth and household debt-to-income levels; • real estate taxes; and • the supply of developable land in our markets in the United States and Canada. Adverse changes in these conditions may affect our business nationally or may be more prevalent or concentrated in particular regions or
localities in which we operate. During the recent downturn, unfavorable changes in many of the above factors negatively affected all of the markets we serve, although to a more limited extent in Canada than in the United States. Economic conditions
in all our markets continue to be characterized by levels of uncertainty. Any deterioration in economic conditions or continuation of uncertain economic conditions would have a material adverse effect on our business. Adverse changes in economic conditions can cause demand and prices for our homes to diminish or cause us to take longer to build our
homes and make it more costly for us to do so. We may not be able to recover these increased costs by raising prices because of weak market conditions and because the price of each home we sell is usually set several months before the home is
delivered, as many customers sign their home purchase contracts before construction begins. The potential difficulties described above could impact our customers’ ability to obtain suitable financing and cause some homebuyers to cancel or
refuse to honor their home purchase contracts altogether. 21 Table of Contents The homebuilding industry in the United States has recently undergone a significant downturn, and the
likelihood of a full recovery is uncertain in the current state of the economy. A slowdown in our business in the United States or a downturn in Ontario, Canada could have additional adverse effects on our operating results and financial condition. In connection with the recent downturn in the U.S. housing market, we incurred a substantial loss, after impairments,
in our U.S. operations during 2008 and 2009. Although the U.S. housing market continues to recover, we cannot predict the extent of further recovery or its timing. In addition, while the market for single-family homes and high-rise condominiums in
Canada remained relatively stable during the U.S. downturn, the housing market in parts of Canada has lately shown signs of weakening. With slowing job growth relative to the recent past, ongoing global economic uncertainty and increasing units
under construction, it is anticipated that Ontario housing starts will moderate and average home prices will remain relatively flat in 2013. A significant weakening of the Ontario housing market could adversely affect our business. Though we have taken steps to alleviate the impact of these conditions on our business, given the downturn in the homebuilding industry
over the past several years and global economic uncertainty, there can be no guarantee that steps taken by us will continue to be effective, and to the extent the current economic environment does not improve or any improvement takes place over an
extended period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In the past we have
incurred losses and may have difficulty maintaining profitability in the future. Although we generated net income of
$81.8 million in the first nine months of 2012, $76.8 million in 2011 (arithmetically combined historical results of the predecessor and successor) and $90.6 million in 2010, we had net losses attributable to owners of approximately $0.8 million and
$396.5 million in 2009 and 2008, respectively. Even if we maintain profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis going forward. If our revenue grows more slowly than we anticipate, or if our
operating expenses exceed our expectations and cannot be adjusted accordingly, our business will be harmed. See “Prospectus Summary—Summary Historical and Pro Forma Consolidated Financial and Other Information” and
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a more complete description of our historical losses. Changes to foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our earnings and net asset value. We have businesses with exposure to foreign currency exchange risk in Canada. Changes in the $U.S.-$CAD exchange rate will affect the value of our reported earnings and the value of our assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. For example, an increase in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to the Canadian dollar would reduce our Canadian dollar-denominated revenue when reported in U.S. dollars, our functional reporting
currency. Our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected by such exchange rate fluctuations. An
inability to obtain additional performance, payment and completion surety bonds and letters of credit could limit our future growth. We are often required to provide performance, payment and completion surety bonds or letters of credit to secure the completion of our construction contracts, development agreements and other
arrangements. We have obtained facilities to provide the required volume of performance, payment and completion surety bonds and letters of credit for our expected growth in the medium term; however, unexpected growth may require additional
facilities. We may also be required to renew or amend our existing facilities. Our ability to obtain additional performance, payment and completion surety bonds and letters of credit primarily depends on our credit rating, capitalization, working
capital, past performance, management expertise and certain external factors, including the capacity of the markets for such bonds. Performance, payment and completion surety bond and letter of credit providers consider these factors in addition to
our performance and claims record and provider-specific underwriting standards, which may change from time to time. 22 Table of Contents If our performance record or our providers’ requirements or policies change, if we
cannot obtain the necessary consent from our lenders, or if the market’s capacity to provide performance, payment and completion bonds or letters of credit is not sufficient for any unexpected growth and we are unable to renew or amend our
existing facilities on favorable terms or at all, we could be unable to obtain additional performance, payment and completion surety bonds or letters of credit from other sources when required, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. Higher cancellation rates of existing agreements of sale may have an adverse
effect on our business. Our backlog reflects sales contracts with our homebuyers for homes that have not yet been
delivered. We have received a deposit from a homebuyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right, subject to certain exceptions, to retain the deposit if the homebuyer fails to comply with his or her obligations under
the sales contract, including as a result of state and local law, the homebuyer’s inability to sell his or her current home or the homebuyer’s inability to make additional deposits required prior to the closing date. In addition, in our
Canadian markets we have the right to retain the deposits and pursue the homebuyer for damages or specific performance in the event of a homebuyer’s breach of the purchase and sale agreement. However, in the United States, if prices for new
homes decline, if competitors increase their use of sales incentives, if interest rates increase, if the availability of mortgage financing diminishes or if there is a downturn in local or regional economies or in the national economy, U.S.
homebuyers may terminate their existing home purchase contracts with us in order to negotiate for a lower price or because they cannot, or will not, complete the purchase. Compared to the prevailing cancellation rates in the United St