: Your investment in shares of our common stock involves substantial risks. You should consider the “Risk Factors” included and incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including the risk factors incorporated by reference from our filings with the SEC. Transfer Agent and registrar: VStock Transfer, LLC. Plan of Distribution: The Selling Stockholder named in this prospectus, or their pledgees, donees, transferees, distributees, beneficiaries or other successors-in-interest, may offer or sell the Selling Stockholder Shares from time to time through public or private transactions at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at privately negotiated prices. The Selling Stockholder may also resell the Selling Stockholder Shares to or through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, who may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions. 6 RISK
FACTORS Before purchasing any of the securities you
should carefully consider the risk factors relating to our company described below and incorporated by reference in this prospectus from
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, as well as the risks, uncertainties, and additional information set
forth in other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. For a description of these reports and documents, and information
about where you can find them, see “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Documents By
Reference.” Additional risks not presently known or that we presently consider to be immaterial could subsequently materially and
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, business, and prospects. Risks Related to this Offering An active trading market for our shares may not be sustained. Although our shares are listed on The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC, the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity. The current level of trading may not be sustained
in the future. The lack of an active market for our shares may impair investors’ ability to sell their shares at the time they wish
to sell them or at a price that they consider reasonable, may reduce the fair market value of their shares and may impair our ability
to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire additional intellectual property
assets by using our shares as consideration. Future sales of substantial amounts
of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. We may choose to raise additional capital due
to market conditions or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans.
If additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, or perceptions that those sales could occur,
the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution to investors purchasing our common stock in this offering or result
in downward pressure on the price of our common stock, and our ability to raise capital in the future. We currently have an equity financing
facility with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (“Lincoln Park”), pursuant to which we may sell up to $10 million in shares of
common stock to Lincoln Park, all of which are covered by an effective registration statement that we have filed with the SEC. As of the
date of this prospectus, we have issued and sold 48,848 shares to Lincoln Park and may further sell up to 638,651 additional shares to
Lincoln Park, although such sales cannot commence until September 11, 2025. As of April 4, 2025 we had 6,199,965 outstanding shares of
common stock. Any decline in the price of our common stock may encourage short sales, which could place further downward pressure on the
price of our common stock and may impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. We have effected one for eight and a one
for ten reverse stock splits in the last two years and we may not be able to cure a Nasdaq listing deficiency if our stock price falls
below $0.32 per share. Under Nasdaq rules, a reverse stock split taken
together with all other reverse stock splits that are effected in a two year period that is in excess of one for two hundred fifty (1:250)
will not be accepted by Nasdaq as a method to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. Since November 2, 2023, we have affected two
reverse stock splits which collectively are considered to have a ratio of one for eighty (1:80). Therefore, until November 3, 2025, Nasdaq
will may not accept additional reverse stock splits effected by us with a ratio greater than 1:3.125 as a method to regain compliance
with the Bid Price Rule. Accordingly, until November 3, 2025, a reverse stock split acceptable to Nasdaq may not cure noncompliance with
the Bid Price Rule if our stock was trading at or about $0.32 per share. If such an event were to occur, there is no certainty that any
corporate action we could take or any event would occur that would result in an increase in our stock price necessary for us to regain
compliance prior or allow for a reverse stock split with a ratio of 1:3.125 or less to result in compliance prior to a delisting of our
common stock. A delisting of our common stock and our inability
to list on another national securities market could negatively impact us by: (i) reducing the liquidity and market price of our common
stock; (ii) reducing the number of investors willing to hold or acquire our common stock, which could negatively impact our ability to
raise equity financing; (iii) limiting our ability to use certain registration statements to offer and sell freely tradable securities,
thereby limiting our ability to access the public capital markets; and (iv) impairing our ability to provide equity incentives to our
employees. 7 Purchasers of our common
stock may incur immediate dilution . Purchasers of shares of common stock in this offering
may experience immediate and substantial dilution if the purchase price of the common stock paid by such purchasers is higher than the
net tangible book value per share of the outstanding common stock. In addition, purchasers will experience dilution, which may be substantial,
when we issue additional shares of common stock that we are permitted or required to issue under options, our stock equity incentive plans
or other employee or director compensation plans. Our Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock rank senior to our common stock. Our Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred
Stock rank, with respect to rights on the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the affairs of our company, and redemption rights, senior to our common stock and each other class or series of securities now existing
or hereafter authorized classified or reclassified, the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series ranks on a parity
basis with or senior to the Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock as to rights on the distribution of assets on any voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of our company, and redemption rights. Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock,
the Series B Preferred Stock or the exercise of the Tradeable Warrants, Note Warrants, the Series A Warrants, the Series B Warrants or
the Warrants may cause significant dilution to our stockholders. As of April 4, 2025, we have issued 256,968 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock, which are convertible into 788,587 shares of common stock; 86,454 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which
are convertible into 108,074 shares of common stock; tradeable warrants with 250,000 underlying shares of common stock (the “Tradeable
Warrants”); warrants issued with convertible notes with 5,625 underlying shares of common stock (the “Note Warrants”);
Series A Warrants with 51,934 underlying shares of common stock (the “Series A Warrants”), Series B Warrants with 16,214 underlying
shares of common stock (the “Series B Warrants”) and the Warrants with 5,673,550 underlying shares of common stock. The issuance
of shares of common stock upon the conversion of such shares of preferred stock or exercise of any of such warrants would dilute the percentage
ownership interest of holders of our common stock, dilute the book value per share of our common stock, and increase the number of our
publicly traded shares, which could further depress the market price of our common stock. In addition, the Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants
and the Note Warrants contain weighted average anti-dilution provisions which, subject to limited exceptions, would increase the number
of shares issuable upon exercise of such securities (by reducing the exercise price) in the event that we in the future issue common stock,
or securities convertible into or exercisable to purchase common stock, at a price per share lower than the exercise price then in effect. 8 SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING