” section. Raising additional capital will cause dilution to our stockholders, including purchasers of our common stock in this offering, restrict
our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. Until such time, if ever, as we can
generate substantial revenues, we will be required to obtain further funding through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources, which may dilute our stockholders or restrict our
operating activities. We do not have any committed external source of funds. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or
convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may
involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions, engaging in acquisition, merger or collaboration transactions, selling or licensing our
assets, making capital expenditures, redeeming our stock, making certain investments, declaring dividends or encumbering our assets to secure future indebtedness. Such restrictions could adversely impact our ability to conduct our operations and
execute our business plan. If we raise additional funds through upfront payments or milestone payments pursuant to strategic
collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or intellectual property, future revenue streams, research programs or product
candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or
future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be
limited. Our net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards may be unavailable to offset future taxable income because of restrictions
under U.S. tax law. Our NOLs generated in tax years ending on or prior to December 31, 2017 are only permitted to be carried forward for 20 taxable years under applicable U.S. federal tax law, and therefore could expire unused. Under
tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (Tax Act) as amended by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), our federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31,
2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, the deductibility of federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 is limited to 80% of our current
year taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act. As of December 31, 2020, we had available federal NOL carry forwards of approximately $78.5 million, of which $75.4 million do not
expire. 22 Table of Contents In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (Code), if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change” (generally defined as a cumulative change in the corporation’s ownership by “5-percent shareholders” that exceeds
50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period), the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change NOLs and certain other pre-change tax attributes to
offset its post-change taxable income may be limited. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We have experienced such ownership changes in the past, and we may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of this offering or
subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are outside our control. As of December 31, 2020, a formal study was conducted and concluded that we experienced an ownership change during 2020. As a result, we have removed
$3.1 million of deferred tax assets related to NOLs and research tax credit carryforwards due to Section 382 limitations. Our ability to utilize our remaining NOLs and certain other tax attributes could be further limited by a future
“ownership change” as described above and consequently, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs and certain other tax attributes, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. Risks Related to the Discovery, Development, Manufacturing and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates Our product candidates are in the early stages of development and we have no products approved for commercial sale. If we are unable to
successfully develop, receive regulatory approval for, manufacture and commercialize our product candidates, or successfully develop any other product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be harmed. We are very early in our development efforts. We have not initiated clinical trials for any of our programs. We do not have any
products that are approved for commercial sale, and we may never be able to develop or commercialize marketable products. Before we generate any revenue from product sales, each of our programs and product candidates will require additional
preclinical and clinical development, expansion of manufacturing capabilities and expertise, regulatory approval, building a commercial organization or successfully outsourcing commercialization, substantial investment and significant marketing
efforts. We are not permitted to market or promote any product candidates before we receive approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we many never receive such approval. Because our product candidates are in an early
stage of development, there is a high risk of failure and we may never succeed in developing marketable products. If we do not
successfully initiate and complete our planned clinical trials in a timely manner or fail to achieve favorable results from the trial, we may experience significant delays or other issues in advancing our programs. We cannot be certain that our
clinical trials will be initiated and completed on time, if at all, or whether our planned clinical strategy will be acceptable to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities. There is a high failure rate for biopharmaceutical products
proceeding through clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in later stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in earlier stage clinical trials.
Data obtained from preclinical studies and clinical trials are subject to varying interpretations, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. In addition, regulatory delays or rejections may be encountered as a result of many factors,
including changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development. Because of the early stage of development of our
programs, our ability to eventually generate significant revenues from our product candidates, which we do not expect will occur for several years, if ever, will depend on a number of factors, including: • the successful and timely completion of our ongoing preclinical studies; • generating sufficient data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; • addressing any delays, necessary adjustments and additional costs in preclinical studies and clinical trials
resulting from factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic; 23 Table of Contents • submission of INDs or other regulatory applications for our planned clinical trials and authorizations from
regulators to initiate clinical trials; • contracting with the necessary parties to conduct clinical trials; • successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical trials on a timely basis; • achieving favorable results from clinical trials; • the timely manufacture of sufficient quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical trials and, if
approved, commercialization; • successful outputs from our capsid engineering and promotor and regulator elements efforts; • sufficiency of our financial and other resources to complete the necessary preclinical studies and clinical
trials and commercialization activities; • the frequency and severity of adverse events in clinical trials; • demonstrating efficacy, safety and tolerability profiles that are satisfactory to the FDA, EMA or any comparable
foreign regulatory authority for marketing approval; • the timely receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; • the extent of any required post-marketing approval commitments to applicable regulatory authorities; • operational, technical and clinical development challenges associated with pediatric indications that we may
pursue, including challenges associated with recruiting and enrolling eligible pediatric patients in clinical trials; • additional clinical trials and other requirements imposed by regulatory authorities for expanding drug labeling
to include pediatric populations or for approval a pediatric product candidate, including formulation changes, additional bridging studies, manufacturing changes, dosage and administration changes, among others; • the maintenance of existing or the establishment of new supply arrangements with third-party drug product
suppliers and manufacturers for clinical development and, if approved, commercialization; • maintaining consistent quality, purity, and potency across clinical supplies and commercial supp