YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE RISKS DESCRIBED BELOW AND OTHER
INFORMATION IN THIS PROSPECTUS BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR COMMON STOCK.

                         RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO GROW OUR BUSINESS AS PLANNED OR MANAGE OUR GROWTH
EFFECTIVELY.

    Our future operating results will depend on our ability to implement our
growth strategies and successfully manage a larger business. In fiscal years
1998 and 1999, we experienced a decline in sales as compared to prior years, of
3.4% and 2.8%, respectively. In fiscal years 1997 through 1999, we also
experienced reduced profitability. In response to these declines, we implemented
a number of strategic initiatives to increase demand for our products and
recently we have accelerated these initiatives. The success of each of these
initiatives, alone or collectively, will depend on various factors, including
the appeal of our new designs, products and retail presentation to consumers,
competitive conditions and domestic and international economic conditions. If we
are unsuccessful at implementing some or all of our strategies or initiatives,
our future operating results may be adversely affected.

    Successful implementation of our strategies and initiatives will require us
to manage our growth. To manage our growth effectively, we will need to continue
to increase production while maintaining strict quality control and continue to
improve our operating systems to respond to increased demand. We could suffer a
loss of consumer goodwill and a decline in sales if our products do not continue
to meet our quality control standards or if we are unable to adequately respond
to increases in consumer demand for our products.

OUR INABILITY TO RESPOND TO CHANGES IN CONSUMER DEMANDS AND FASHION TRENDS IN A
TIMELY MANNER COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR SALES.

    Our success depends on our ability to identify, originate and define product
and fashion trends as well as to anticipate, gauge and react to changing
consumer demands in a timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range
of consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are
subject to rapid change. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue
to develop appealing styles or meet changing consumer demands in the future. If
we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with significant excess
inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. In
addition, because we place orders for products with our manufacturers before we
receive our wholesale customers' orders, we could experience higher excess
inventories if our wholesale customers order fewer products than we anticipated.

COMPETITION IN THE MARKETS IN WHICH WE COMPETE IS INTENSE AND OUR COMPETITORS
MAY DEVELOP PRODUCTS MORE POPULAR WITH CONSUMERS.

    We face intense competition in the product lines and markets in which we
compete. Our products compete with other branded products within their product
category and with private label products sold by retailers, including some of
our wholesale customers. In our wholesale business, we compete with numerous
manufacturers, importers and distributors of handbags, accessories and other
products for the limited space available for the display of these products to
the consumer. Moreover, the general availability of contract manufacturing
capacity allows new entrants easy access to the markets in which we compete,
which may increase the number of our competitors and adversely affect our
competitive position and our business. Some of our competitors have achieved
significant recognition for their brand names or have substantially greater
financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we have.

                                       6 A DOWNTURN IN THE ECONOMY MAY AFFECT CONSUMER PURCHASES OF DISCRETIONARY ITEMS,
WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR SALES.

    Many factors affect the level of consumer spending in the handbag and
accessories industry, including, among others, general business conditions,
interest rates, the availability of consumer credit, taxation and consumer
confidence in future economic conditions. Consumer purchases of discretionary
items, such as our products, tend to decline during recessionary periods when
disposable income is lower. A downturn in the economies in which we sell our
products, such as the economic downturn in Asia in 1997, may adversely affect
our sales.

IF WE LOSE KEY MANAGEMENT OR DESIGN PERSONNEL OR ARE UNABLE TO ATTRACT AND
RETAIN THE TALENT REQUIRED FOR OUR BUSINESS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS COULD SUFFER.

    Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior
management and design teams. These executives and employees have substantial
experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions
to our growth and success. We do not have employment agreements with any of our
executives or design personnel. The unexpected loss of services of one or more
of these individuals could have an adverse effect on our business. As our
business grows, we will need to attract and retain additional qualified
personnel and develop, train and manage an increasing number of
management-level, sales and other employees. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to attract and retain personnel as needed in the future.

OUR OPERATING RESULTS ARE SUBJECT TO SEASONAL AND QUARTERLY FLUCTUATIONS, WHICH
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK.

    Because our products are frequently given as gifts, we have experienced, and
expect to continue to experience, substantial seasonal fluctuations in our sales
and operating results. Over the past three fiscal years, between 34% and 36% of
our annual sales were recognized in our second fiscal quarter, which includes
the holiday months of November and December. Over the past three fiscal years,
sales in each of the first, third and fourth quarters represented between 20%
and 23% of our annual sales. Our higher sales in the second quarter typically
generate a substantial portion of our operating income for the year. In
anticipation of increased sales activity during the second quarter, we incur
significant additional expenses, including higher inventory costs. If, for any
reason, we miscalculate the demand for our products during November and
December, we could have significant excess inventory, which would have an
adverse affect on our financial performance. In addition, because a substantial
portion of our operating income is derived from our second quarter sales, a
significant shortfall in expected second quarter sales could have an adverse
impact on our annual operating results. We have sometimes experienced and may
continue to experience net losses in any of our first, third or fourth fiscal
quarters.

    Our quarterly results of operations may also fluctuate significantly as a
result of a variety of other factors, including, among other things:

    - the timing of new store openings;

    - net sales and profits contributed by new stores;

    - increases or decreases in comparable store sales;

    - shifts in the timing of holidays;

    - changes in our merchandise mix; and

    - the timing of new catalog releases and new product introductions.

                                       7 As a result of these seasonal and quarterly fluctuations, we believe that
comparisons of our sales and operating results between different quarters within
a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons
cannot be relied upon as indicators of our future performance. Any seasonal or
quarterly fluctuations that we report in the future may not match the
expectations of market analysts and investors. This could cause the trading
price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly.

OUR INTERNATIONAL PRODUCT SOURCING AND SALES EFFORTS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADVERSE
INTERNATIONAL EVENTS THAT ARE BEYOND OUR CONTROL.

    Approximately 65% of our fiscal year 2000 non-licensed product needs,
measured as a percentage of total units produced, will be supplied by over 24
independent non-U.S. manufacturers in countries such as China, Costa Rica,
Mexico, India, the Dominican Republic, Italy, Spain, Hungary and Turkey.
Independent manufacturers in China will account for 24% of our product needs for
fiscal year 2000. Our international sourcing is subject to many risks, including
foreign governmental regulations, political unrest, disruptions or delays in
shipments, changes in local economic conditions and trade issues. These factors,
among others, could influence the ability of our independent manufacturers to
make or export our products cost-effectively or at all or to procure some of the
materials used in our products. The violation of labor or other laws by any of
our independent manufacturers, or the divergence of an independent
manufacturer's labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical by us or
others in the U.S., could force us to locate alternative manufacturing sources.
Currency exchange rate fluctuations could also make raw materials more expensive
for our independent manufacturers, and they could pass these increased costs
along to us, resulting in higher costs and decreased margins for our products.
If any of these factors were to render a particular country undesirable or
impractical as a source of supply, there could be an adverse effect on our
business.

    Approximately 10% of our fiscal year 2000 sales will be generated through
international channels and we plan to increase our international sales efforts.
International sales are subject to many risks, including foreign governmental
regulations, foreign consumer preferences, political unrest, disruptions or
delays in shipments to other nations and changes in local economic conditions.
These factors, among others, could influence our ability to sell products
successfully in international markets. We generally purchase 