You should read the “Risk   Factors” section of this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by   reference into this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider before   deciding to invest in our securities. Listing Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq   Capital Market under the symbol “ONTX.” We do not intend to apply for listing   of the Pre-Funded Warrants or Warrants on any securities exchange or other   nationally recognized trading system. There is no established public trading   market for the Pre-Funded Warrants orWarrants, and we do not expect a market   to develop. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding after the offering is based on 8,197,462 shares outstanding as of October 25, 2019, and excludes as of such date: · 409,788 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding at October 25, 2019 with a weighted average exercise price of approximately $66.09 per share; · 5,504,722 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding or issuable warrants at October 25, 2019 with a weighted average exercise price of approximately $7.18 per share (includes Common Stock issuable for warrants which are exercisable for our Series A or Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, each of which is convertible to Common Stock); · 16,901,408 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of Warrants to be issued to investors in this offering at an exercise price of $     per share; · 845,070 shares (or 971,830 shares if the underwriter’s option to purchase additional Common Stock and/or Warrants is exercised in full) of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants being issued to the underwriter in connection with this offering; and · 644,396 shares of Common Stock reserved for future issuance under our 2018 Equity Compensation Plan, as amended, at October 25, 2019. As of October 25, 2019, the total number of our outstanding shares of Common Stock was 8,197,462. All share and per share data has been restated to reflect our one-for-fifteen reverse stock split effective September 25, 2018, subject to final adjustments for treatment of fractional share interests. Unless otherwise indicated, all information contained in this prospectus assumes (i) no exercises by the underwriter of its option to purchase additional securities and (ii) no sale of any Pre-Funded Units. RISK FACTORS Our business is influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, and that involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual operating results, cash flows and financial condition. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks, including those set forth below and those described in the “Risk Factors” section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019 , and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2019 and June 30, 2019, as filed with the SEC on May 15, 2019 and August 14, 2019 , respectively, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as well as any amendment or update to our risk factors reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, and you should also carefully consider any other information we include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus. Any of the risks we describe below or in the information incorporated herein by reference in this prospectus could cause our business, financial condition or operating results to suffer. The market price of Common Stock could decline if one or more of these risks and uncertainties develop into actual events. You could lose all or part of your investment. 4 Table of Contents Risks Associated with this Offering Our management will have broad discretion over the use of any net proceeds from this offering, you may not agree with how we use the proceeds, and the proceeds may not be invested successfully. Our management will have broad discretion as to the use of any net proceeds from this offering and could use them for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of this offering. Accordingly, you will be relying on the judgment of our management with regard to the use of any proceeds from the sale of shares of our securities in this offering, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. It is possible that the proceeds will be invested in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for you. We may be required to raise additional financing by issuing new securities with terms or rights superior to those of our existing securityholders, which could adversely affect the market price of shares of C ommon Stock and our business. We will require additional financing to fund future operations, including expansion in current and new markets, development and acquisition, capital costs and the costs of any necessary implementation of technological innovations or alternative technologies. We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, if at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of our current stockholders will be reduced, and the holders of the new equity securities may have rights superior to those of our existing securityholders, which could adversely affect the market price of Common Stock and the voting power of shares of Common Stock. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, the holders of these debt securities would similarly have some rights senior to those of our existing securityholders, and the terms of these debt securities could impose restrictions on operations and create a significant interest expense for us which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. You will experience immediate and substantial dilution in the net tangible book value per share of Common Stock included in the Units or issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants in this offering. Since the effective price per share of Common Stock included in the Units or issuable upon exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants being offered is substantially higher than the net tangible book 5 Table of Contents deficit per share of Common Stock outstanding prior to this offering, you will suffer immediate and substantial dilution in the net tangible book value of Common Stock included in the Units or issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants issued in this offering. See the section titled “Dilution” below for a more detailed discussion of the dilution you will incur if you purchase Units in this offering. To the extent outstanding stock options or warrants to purchase Common Stock are exercised, or outstanding warrants to purchase shares of our Series A or Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are exercised and the resulting shares of Series A or Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are converted into shares of Common Stock, there will be further dilution to new investors. Our shareholders may experience significant dilution as a result of future equity offerings or issuances and exercise of outstanding options and warrants. In order to raise additional capital or pursue strategic transactions, we may in the future offer, issue or sell additional shares of Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell shares or other securities in any other transaction at a price per share or that have an exercise price or conversion price per shares that is equal to or greater than the price for the securities purchased by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which we sell or issue additional shares of Common Stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock future transactions may be higher or lower than such price. There is no public market for the Warrants or the Pre-Funded Warrants. There is no established public trading market for the Warrants or the Pre-Funded Warrants, and we do not expect a market to develop. In addition, we do not intend to apply to list the Warrants or the Pre-Funded Warrants on any national securities exchange or other nationally recognized trading system, including The Nasdaq Capital Market. Without an active market, the liquidity of the Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants. The Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants in this offering are speculative in nature. Neither the Warrants nor the Pre-Funded Warrants in this offering confer any rights of Common Stock ownership on its holders, such as voting rights or the right to receive dividends, but rather merely represent the right to acquire shares of Common Stock at a fixed price, as the case maybe. In addition, following this offering, the market value of the Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants, if any, is uncertain and there can be no assurance that the market value of the Warrants or the Pre-Funded Warrants will equal or exceed their imputed offering price. Neither the Warrants nor the Pre-Funded Warrants will be listed or quoted for trading on any market or exchange. Sales of a significant number of shares of Common Stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of Common Stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of Common Stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into Common Stock in the public markets could depress the market price of Common Stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of Common Stock would have on the market price of Common Stock. Upon completion of this offering, based on our shares outstanding as of October 25, 2019, we will have 25,098,870 shares of Common Stock outstanding (27,634,081 shares of Common Stock if the underwriter exercises its optio