—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” Patent Term The term of individual patents depends upon the laws of the jurisdictions in which they are obtained. In most jurisdictions in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the filing date of a PCT patent application or, if a PCT application is not filed, the earliest date of filing of the first non-provisional patent application to which the patent claims priority. However, the term of U.S. patents may be extended or adjusted for delays incurred due to compliance with FDA requirements or by delays encountered during prosecution that are caused by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO). For example, in the United States, a patent claiming a new chemical entity or biologic product, its method of use or its method of manufacture may be eligible for a limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the Hatch-Waxman Act) for up to five years beyond the normal expiration date of the patent. Patent term extension cannot be used to extend the remaining term of a patent past a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date in the United States. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent for which extension is sought and within 60 days of FDA approval of the product. A patent that covers multiple products for which approval is sought can only be extended in connection with one of the approvals. During the period of extension, if granted, the scope of exclusivity is limited to the approved product for approved uses. Some foreign jurisdictions, including Europe and Japan, have analogous patent term extension provisions, which allow for extension of the term of a patent that covers a drug approved by the applicable foreign regulatory agency. For more information on patent term extensions, see “Business—Government Regulation— ​ Patent Term Restoration and Extension and Marketing Exclusivity.” In the future, if and when any therapeutic candidates we may develop receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on issued patents covering those therapeutic candidates. Moreover, we intend to seek patent term adjustments and extensions for any of our issued patents in any jurisdiction where such adjustments and extensions are available. However, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the USPTO and the FDA, will agree with our assessment of whether such adjustments and extensions should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such adjustments and extensions. Trade Secrets In addition to patent protection, we also rely on trade secrets, know-how, unpatented technology and other proprietary information to strengthen our competitive position. We currently, and may continue in the future continue to, rely on third parties to assist us in developing and manufacturing our products. Accordingly, we must, at times, share trade secrets, know-how, unpatented technology and other proprietary information, including those related to our platform, with them. We may in the future also enter into research and development collaborations with third parties that may require us to share trade secrets, know-how, unpatented technology and other proprietary information under the terms of research and development partnerships or similar agreements. Nonetheless, we take steps to protect and preserve our trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information and prevent the unauthorized disclosure of the foregoing, including by entering into non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements with parties who have access to our trade secrets or other confidential and proprietary information, such as employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, contract research and manufacturing organizations, sponsored researchers and other advisors, at the commencement of their employment, consulting or other relationships with us. In addition, we take other appropriate precautions, such as maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, to guard against any misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information by third parties. Despite these efforts, third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information. In addition, we cannot provide any assurances that all of the foregoing non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements have been duly executed, and any of the counterparties to such agreements may breach them and disclose our trade secrets and other confidential and 146 TABLE OF CONTENTS proprietary information. Although we have confidence in the measures we take to protect and preserve our trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information, they may be inadequate, our agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for such breaches. Moreover, to the extent that our employees, contractors, consultants, collaborators and advisors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to our rights in any know-how or inventions arising out of such work. For more information, please see the section entitled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” License Agreement with The Ohio State University On May 12, 2017, we entered into an option agreement with Ohio State Innovation Foundation (OSIF), an affiliate of The Ohio State University (OSU) responsible for the commercialization of technology developed at or created by or for OSU, in which the Company obtained an option (OSIF Option Agreement) to license all patents and patent applications involving technologies using cell-penetrating peptides arising out of or related to specified invention disclosures or through a sponsored research agreement executed with OSU on the same date (OSU SRA). On September 26, 2018, we exercised our option pursuant to the terms of the OSIF Option Agreement, and on December 14, 2018, we entered into a license agreement (OSIF License Agreement) for an exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under these patents and patent rights, and a non-exclusive, worldwide, sublicensable license under certain related know-how, to develop, commercialize or otherwise exploit products based on these cell-penetrating technologies for the treatment, prevention and diagnosis of any and all diseases or conditions. In addition, the OSIF License Agreement grants a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable, exclusive license to any rights held by OSIF, OSU or its affiliates covering specifically identified cell-penetrating platform technology. The term of the OSIF License Agreement will continue until the later of (a) the expiration of the last to expire of the exclusively licensed patent rights, or (b) the end of our obligation to pay royalties under the OSIF License Agreement. Such obligation ends, on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis, on the later of (1) expiration of the last to expire of the valid claims of the exclusively licensed patent rights covering such licensed product in such country, or (2) ten (10) years after the first commercial sale of such licensed product in such country. The last to expire exclusively licensed patent rights and valid claim of such exclusively licensed patent rights are estimated to expire by 2042, excluding any patent term adjustments or extensions. Upon expiration of the OSIF License Agreement at the end of the royalty term, the Company will maintain all license rights as a perpetual and fully paid-up license. Both parties have the right to terminate under certain enumerated circumstances. At our option, we may terminate the OSIF License Agreement for any reason with ninety days’ (90) written notice, or if OSIF is in material breach, after providing thirty (30) days’ notice of termination. OSIF may terminate the agreement at its option immediately upon delivery of written notice if any specified events occur, including failure by the Company to make payments due under the agreement and if the Company is in material breach, in each case pursuant to specified cure periods. We have typical diligence obligations under the OSIF License Agreement, including the obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize at least one licensed product. We may also be obligated to pay aggregate milestone payments of up to $7,950,000, tiered royalties on sales at low single digit percentages, a license maintenance fee of $25,000 per year beginning in 2021 and continuing until the first year in which commercial sales of a licensed product pursuant to the agreement commence. After such commercialization, we are required to make minimum annual payments of $125,000. In addition, in the event of a sublicense, under certain circumstances we may be required to pay up to 15% of non-royalty sublicensing consideration. Commercialization Excluding ENTR-501, we intend to retain significant development and commercial rights to our potential therapeutic candidates and, if marketing approval is obtained, to commercialize our therapeutic candidates on our own, or potentially with a partner, in the United States and other regions. We currently have no sales, marketing, or commercial product distribution capabilities. We intend to build the necessary infrastructure and capabilities over time for the United States, and potentially other regions, 147 TABLE OF CONTENTS following further advancement of our therapeutic candidates. We believe that such a focused sales and marketing organization will be able to 