” in our periodic reports we file with the SEC, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024  which section is incorporated by reference herein. If any of these risks actually occur, it may materially harm our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and prospects. As a result, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additionally, the risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may become material and adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks or other risks not specified below materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our shares of common stock could decline. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have incurred operating losses in the past, expect to incur operating losses in the future, and may not achieve profitability, or, if we achieve profitability, be able to maintain it in the future. We have incurred operating losses each year since our inception, including a net loss of $34.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, and expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We had an accumulated deficit of $202.6 million at December 31, 2024. We expect our operating expenses to increase in the future as we increase our sales and marketing efforts, continue to invest in technology and engineering, expand our operating and retail infrastructure, add training and fitness programs, classes, content, and software features to our streaming platform, expand into new geographies, and invest in new or complementary products, equipment, accessories, content, and services for our immersive, customizable, and digital fitness platform, which include the CLMBR vertical climbing machine, FORME Studio, FORME Studio Lift, accompanying accessories, and our coaching services which we collectively refer to as the “FORME platform.” Further, as a public company, we have incurred, and will continue to incur substantial additional legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. These efforts and additional expenses may be more costly than we expect, and we may not be able to increase our revenue to offset any increase in our expenses. If our revenue does not grow at a greater rate than our operating expenses, we will not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Risks Related to Financial, Accounting, and Tax Matters We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and in the future, we may identify additional material weaknesses or fail to maintain an effective system of controls. If we do not remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or if we fail to establish and maintain effective internal control, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in the market price of the Common Stock. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports in a timely manner. In preparing our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. The material weaknesses we identified related to to (1) the lack of a sufficient number of trained professional with the expertise to design, implement, and execute a formal risk assessment process and formal accounting policies, procedures, and control over accounting and financial reporting to ensure the timely and accurate recording of financial transactions while maintaining a segregation of duties. This, coupled with management’s accounting software system has certain system limitations that do not allow for an effective control environment and the absence of sufficient other mitigating controls, created segregation of duties deficiencies (2) the lack of a sufficient number of trained professionals with the appropriate U.S. GAAP technical expertise to identify, evaluate, and account for complex transactions and review valuation reports prepared by external specialists and (3) management failed to design and implement adequate internal controls over the recording of stock-based compensation expense including a precise review and procedures to ensure the proper accounting for stock based compensation expenses, and the recording of those expenses completely and accurately in the appropriate period. 9 We are planning on implementing measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate these material weaknesses, including formalizing our processes and internal control documentation and strengthening supervisory reviews by our financial management; hiring additional qualified accounting and finance personnel and engaging financial consultants to enable the implementation of internal control over financial reporting and segregating duties amongst accounting and finance personnel. In addition, we are planning on implementing an accounting software system with the design and functionality to segregate incompatible accounting duties, which we currently expect will be fully implemented in our 2025 fiscal year. While we are implementing these measures, we cannot assure you that these efforts will remediate our material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in a timely manner, or at all, or prevent restatements of our financial statements in the future. In particular, our material weakness related to our accounting software was not fully remediated as of December 31, 2024, as we expect to implement new software in 2025. If we are unable to successfully remediate our material weaknesses, or identify any future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports, and the market price of our common stock may decline as a result. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. We expect to incur additional costs to remediate these control deficiencies, though there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or avoid potential future material weaknesses. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. If we are unable to successfully remediate our existing or any future material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or if we identify any additional material weaknesses, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected, we may be unable to maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting, and our stock price may decline as a result. We also could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. In addition, investors’ perceptions that our internal controls are inadequate or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis may harm our stock price and make it more difficult for us to effectively market and sell our products to new and existing customers. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of Nasdaq. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the applicable time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. We are also continuing to improve our internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to ex