Investing
in our Common Stock involves substantial risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with
all of the other information in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this
prospectus, before deciding whether to invest in shares of our Common Stock. We describe below what we believe are currently the material
risks and uncertainties we face, but they are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we
are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business.
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects could be
materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Common Stock could decline and you could lose part or all of
your investment. Risks
Related to Our Separation from Jupiter Wellness The
separation may not be successful. Upon
completion of this offering, we will be a stand-alone public company, although Jupiter Wellness will continue to be the largest shareholders
of ours. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful
in listing our Common Stock on Nasdaq. However, the consummation of this offering and the distribution are contingent on final approval
by Nasdaq. We will not consummate this offering or the distribution unless our Common Stock is so listed. The
process of becoming a stand-alone public company may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities.
Further, although we expect to have direct access to the debt and equity capital markets following this offering, we may not be able
to issue debt or equity on terms acceptable to us or at all. Moreover, even with equity compensation tied to our business, we may not
be able to attract and retain employees as desired. We
also may not fully realize the intended benefits of being a stand-alone public company if any of the risks identified in this “ Risk
Factors ” section, or other events, were to occur. These intended benefits include improving the strategic and operational flexibility
of both companies, increasing the focus of the management teams on their respective business operations, allowing each company to adopt
the capital structure, investment policy and dividend policy best suited to its financial profile and business needs, and providing each
company with its own equity currency to facilitate acquisitions and to better incentivize management. See the section titled “ Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Relationship with Jupiter Wellness .” If we do not realize these intended
benefits for any reason, our business may be negatively affected. In addition, the separation could materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. As
long as Jupiter Wellness has significant control of us, your ability to influence matters requiring stockholder approval will
be limited. After this offering and the distribution, Jupiter
Wellness will own 4,500,000 shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 45.0% of the outstanding shares of our
Common Stock (or 43.8% if the Representative exercises its option to purchase additional shares in full), based on an
assumed public offering price of $5.00 per share, the midpoint of the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.
For so long as Jupiter Wellness beneficially owns such a significant portion of our outstanding Common Stock Jupiter Wellness will have
substantial ability to control the ability to pass matters requiring shareholder approval and Mr. John will continue to serve as Chairman
of the board of directors and as Secretary of SRM, in addition to his role as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Jupiter Wellness.
See the section titled “ Directors .” Jupiter
Wellness’s ability to control our board of directors may make it difficult for us to recruit high-quality independent directors. So
long as Jupiter Wellness beneficially owns such a significant percentage of shares of our outstanding Common Stock, Jupiter Wellness
can effectively control and direct our board of directors and Mr. John will continue to serve as Chairman on the board of directors
and as Secretary of SRM, in addition to his role as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Jupiter Wellness. Further, the interests
of Jupiter Wellness and our other stockholders may diverge. Under these circumstances, persons who might otherwise accept our invitation
to join our board of directors may decline. 19 Jupiter
Wellness’s interests may conflict with our interests and the interests of our other stockholders. Conflicts of interest between
us and Jupiter Wellness could be resolved in a manner unfavorable to us and our other stockholders. Various conflicts of interest between us and
Jupiter Wellness could arise. Brian John, who currently serves as CEO and
Director of Jupiter Wellness also serves as Secretary and Chairman of the board of directors of SRM. Douglas McKinnon, who serves as CFO of Jupiter Wellness also serves as CFO of SRM. In addition, Christopher Marc Melton and Gary Herman each serve as a
Director of Jupiter Wellness and SRM. Ownership interests of Mr. John, Mr. McKinnon, and Jupiter Wellness in our capital
stock and ownership interests of our directors and officers in Jupiter Wellness capital stock, or service by an individual as either
a director and/or officer of both companies, could create or appear to create potential conflicts of interest when such individuals
are faced with decisions relating to us. These decisions could include: ● corporate
    opportunities; ● the
    impact that operating or capital decisions (including the incurrence of indebtedness) relating to our business may have on Jupiter
    Wellness’s consolidated financial statements and/or current or future indebtedness (including related covenants); ● business
    combinations involving us; ● our
    dividend and stock repurchase policies; ● compensation
    and benefit programs and other human resources policy decisions; ● management
    stock ownership; ● decisions involving the Amended
    and Restated Exchange Agreement relating to the separation; ● the
    payment of dividends on our Common Stock; and ● determinations
    with respect to our tax returns. Potential
conflicts of interest could also arise if we decide to enter into new commercial arrangements with Jupiter Wellness in the future or
in connection with Jupiter Wellness’s desire to enter into new commercial arrangements with third parties. Additionally, Jupiter
Wellness may be constrained by the terms of agreements relating to its indebtedness from taking actions, or permitting us to take actions
that may be in our best interest. Furthermore,
disputes may arise between us and Jupiter Wellness relating to our past and ongoing relationships, and these potential conflicts of interest
may make it more difficult for us to favorably resolve such disputes, including those related to: ● tax,
    employee benefit, and other matters arising from the separation; ● the
    nature, quality and pricing of services Jupiter Wellness agrees to provide to us; and ● sales
    and other disposals by Jupiter Wellness of all or a portion of its ownership interest in us. We
will have a general policy that all material transactions with a related party, as well as all material transactions in which there is
an actual, or in some cases, perceived, conflict of interest, will be subject to prior review and approval by our Audit Committee and
its independent members, who will determine whether such transactions or proposals are fair and reasonable to SRM and its stockholders.
In general, potential related-party transactions will be identified by our management and discussed with our Audit Committee at its meetings. 20 However,
we may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts, and even if we do, the resolution may be less favorable to us than if we were
dealing with an unaffiliated third party. While we are substantially controlled by Jupiter Wellness, we may not have the leverage
to negotiate amendments to our various agreements with Jupiter Wellness (if any are required) on terms as favorable to us as those we
would negotiate with an unaffiliated third party. The distribution, together with certain
related transactions, does not qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Jupiter Wellness
and its stockholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities. The
Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) could determine that the distribution, together with certain related transactions, should
be treated as a taxable transaction. Jupiter Wellness has not requested, and does not intend to request, a ruling from the IRS with respect
to the treatment of the distribution or certain related transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If
the distribution, together with certain related transactions, were to fail to qualify as a transaction that is generally tax-free
for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, in general, Jupiter Wellness would recognize
taxable gain as if it had sold our Common Stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and Jupiter Wellness stockholders and
warrant holders who receive shares of our Common Stock in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable
distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares. 21 We
have no operating history as a stand-alone public company, and our historical and pro forma financial information and the historical
financial information of SRM Limited is not necessarily representative of the results we would have achieved as a stand-alone public
company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. The
histori