," "Selected Historical Financial Data" and our
historical consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. Introduction We are an industrial manufacturer of highly engineered products serving niche markets in a diverse range of commercial, industrial and consumer applications.
During the first quarter of 2006, we realigned our operating segments and management structure to better focus our various businesses' product line offerings by industry, end customer markets and
related channels of distribution. We currently have five operating segments: Packaging Systems, Energy Products, Industrial Specialties, RV & Trailer Products and Recreational Accessories. In
reviewing our financial results for the past three years, consideration should be given to certain critical events, particularly our separation from Metaldyne in June 2002, and subsequent
acquisitions and recent consolidation, integration and restructuring efforts. Key Factors and Risks Affecting Our Reported Results. Critical factors affecting our ability to succeed include: our ability
to successfully pursue organic growth through product development, cross-selling and product bundling and our ability to quickly and cost-effectively introduce new products; our ability to
acquire and integrate companies or products that will supplement existing product lines, add new distribution channels, expand our geographic coverage or enable us to better absorb overhead costs; our
ability to manage our cost structure more efficiently through improved supply base management, internal sourcing and/or purchasing of materials, selective outsourcing and/or purchasing of support
functions, working capital management, and greater leverage of our
administrative and overhead functions. If we are unable to do any of the foregoing successfully, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. Our
businesses depend upon general economic conditions and we serve some customers in highly cyclical industries that are highly competitive and themselves adversely impacted by
unfavorable economic conditions. There is some seasonality in the business of our Recreational Accessories and RV & Trailer Products operating segments as well. Sales of towing and trailer
products within these business segments are generally stronger in the second and third quarters, as trailer original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), distributors and retailers acquire product for the
spring selling season. No other operating segment experiences significant seasonal fluctuation in its business. We do not consider sales order backlog to be a material factor in our business. A
growing portion of our sales may be derived from international sources, which exposes us to certain risks, including currency risks. The demand for some of our products, particularly in the
Recreational Accessories and RV & Trailer Products Segments, is influenced by consumer sentiment, which could be negatively impacted by increased costs to consumers as a result of higher
interest rates and energy costs, among other things. We
are sensitive to price movements in our raw materials supply base. Our largest material purchases are for steel, copper, aluminum, polyethylene and other resins and energy. We have 30 experienced
increasing costs of steel and resin and have worked with our suppliers to manage cost pressures and disruptions in supply. We also initiated pricing programs to pass increased steel,
copper, aluminum and resin costs to customers. Although we have experienced delays in our ability to implement price increases, we generally recover such increased costs. Although steel price
increases and disruptions in supply abated in 2005, we may experience recurring steel price increases or disruptions in supply in the future and we may not be able to pass along such higher costs to
our customers in the form of price increases. We will continue to take actions as necessary to manage risks associated with increasing steel costs, however, such increased costs may adversely impact
our earnings. We
have substantial debt, interest and lease payment requirements that may restrict our future operations and impair our ability to meet our obligations and, in a rising interest rate
environment, our performance may be adversely affected by our degree of leverage. Our June 2002 Recapitalization and Separation from Metaldyne. On June 6, 2002, we undertook a recapitalization
that resulted in our separation from Metaldyne. Heartland and other investors invested approximately $265.0 million in us and acquired approximately 66.0% of our fully diluted common stock.
Metaldyne retained or received approximately 34.0% of our fully diluted common stock. As part of this recapitalization: (1) we entered into a credit facility that then consisted of a
$150.0 million revolving credit facility and a $260.0 million term loan facility; (2) we entered into a $125.0 million receivables securitization facility; and
(3) we issued approximately $352.8 million in aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes. We used the proceeds from these financings to pay a cash dividend to Metaldyne that
had been declared immediately prior to the recapitalization and to repay our obligations in respect of Metaldyne financing arrangements. In total, we declared and paid a cash
dividend to Metaldyne equal to $840.0 million, less the aggregate amount of such debt repayment and receivables repurchase. See
the information under the headings "Description of Our Debt" for information on our current credit facility terms and "Related Party Transactions" for additional information
concerning the June 2002 transactions. Our Prior Acquisitions. Since our separation from Metaldyne in June 2002, we have completed seven acquisitions. The
most significant of these were the HammerBlow, Highland and Fittings acquisitions. We also completed four smaller acquisitions: Haun Engine in August 2002, Cutting Edge Technologies in
January 2003, Chem-Chrome in October 2003, and Bargman in January 2004. On
January 30, 2003, within our RV & Trailer Products segment, we acquired all of the capital stock of HammerBlow Acquisition Corp., a manufacturer and distributor of
towing, trailer and other vehicle accessories throughout North America, for a purchase price of approximately $145.2 million. Of this amount, $7.2 million of the purchase price was
deferred and paid in January 2004. On
February 21, 2003, within our Recreational Accessories segment, we acquired all of the capital stock of Highland Group Corporation, a manufacturer of cargo management and
vehicle protection products, for a purchase price of approximately $73.5 million. On
May 9, 2003, within our Industrial Specialities segment, we acquired an automotive fasteners manufacturing business from Metaldyne, a related party, for approximately
$22.7 million on a debt-free basis (the "Fittings Acquisition"). In connection with the Fittings Acquisition, we agreed to sublease Metaldyne's Livonia, Michigan facility, at which
the acquired business was and continues to be located. Because we and Metaldyne are under the common control of Heartland, this transaction was accounted for as a reorganization of entities under
common control and, accordingly, we did not establish a new basis of accounting in the assets or liabilities of Fittings. Our reported results for prior periods have been revised to include the
financial results of Fittings, including the allocation of certain charges to Fittings by Metaldyne. Examples of such allocations include amounts charged or allocated by 31 Metaldyne
for corporate-level services and interest expense attributed to Fittings. See "Related Party Transactions." Recent Consolidation, Integration and Restructuring Activities. We have undertaken significant consolidation, integration and
other cost-savings programs to enhance our efficiency and achieve cost reduction opportunities arising from our acquisitions. These programs were essentially
completed as of December 31, 2004. In addition to these major projects, there were also a series of other smaller initiatives to eliminate duplicative and excess manufacturing and distribution
facilities, sales forces, and back office and other support functions, some of which were extended in 2005 in order to continue to optimize our cost structure in response to competitor actions and
market conditions. The aggregate costs of these actions for 2005, 2004 and 2003 were approximately $2.6 million, $8.0 million and $9.5 million, respectively. We believe all of
these costs were warranted by the anticipated future benefits of these actions. In 2004, we completed the establishment of our stand-alone corporate office. With the expiration on December 31,
2003 of the shared services agreement between Metaldyne and us, we now handle internally the legal, tax, benefit administration and environmental, health and safety services formerly provided by
Metaldyne. The
key elements of our completed consolidation, integration and other cost-savings programs are summarized below: • In
2002, our electrical products manufacturing plant in Indiana within the RV & Trailer Products segment was closed and consolidated into an existing lower-cost
contract manufacturing plant in Mexico. In addition, as part of an integration and consolidation plan that was executed in the second half of 2002 within the Recreational Accessories segment, two
towing products manufacturing facilities, each with its own separate master distribution warehouse, were consolidated into a single manufacturing and master warehouse facility in Goshen, Indiana. We
finalized these actions, including receipt of proceeds from real estate disposals of the closed facilities, during 2003. • In
2003, we began integrating facilities that were acquired from HammerBlow and Highland. In the third quarter of 2003, within the Recreational Accessories segment we closed
one of the HammerBlow