.” TransUnion’s ability to meet its liquidity needs or to pay dividends on its common stock depends on its
subsidiaries’ earnings, the terms of their indebtedness, and other contractual restrictions. Trans 75 Table of Contents Union LLC, the borrower under the senior secured credit facility, is not permitted to declare any dividend or make any other distribution, subject to certain exceptions including compliance with
a fixed charge coverage ratio and a basket that depends on TransUnion Intermediate’s consolidated net income. Our senior secured credit
facility includes a senior secured net leverage ratio covenant which must be tested as a condition to incur additional indebtedness. The ratio must also be tested at the end of any fiscal quarter for which we have a line of credit borrowing
outstanding in excess of 30% of the revolving credit commitment. As of December 31, 2014, this covenant, if it applied, would have required us to maintain a senior secured net leverage ratio on a pro forma basis equal to, or less than,
6.00-to-1. As of December 31, 2014, we were in compliance with our senior secured net leverage ratio covenant. Under the covenants of the
instruments governing our senior debt, TransUnion Intermediate is restricted from making certain distribution payments to TransUnion. For
additional information about our debt, see our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this prospectus. Contractual Obligations Consolidated future minimum payments for noncancelable operating leases, purchase obligations and debt repayments as of December 31,
2014, are payable as follows: Operating leases Purchase obligations Debt repayments (1) Loan fees and interest payments (1) Total (in millions) 2015 $ 12.8 $ 182.0 $ 74.0 $ 170.2 $ 439.0 2016 9.9 31.9 23.4 164.2 229.4 2017 7.0 11.1 19.4 170.7 208.2 2018 5.4 6.7 1,019.0 123.8 1,154.9 2019 5.0 1.1 19.0 83.9 109.0 Thereafter 11.8 2.5 1,790.7 108.8 1,913.8 Totals $ 51.9 $ 235.3 $ 2,945.5 $ 821.6 $ 4,054.3 (1) We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to redeem $                 million in aggregate principal amount of the 9.625% Senior
Notes, which will reduce our annual interest expense through June 2018 by $                 million. Purchase obligations to be repaid in 2015 include $106.5 million of trade accounts payable that were included in the consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2014. Purchase obligations include commitments for outsourcing services, royalties, data licenses, maintenance and other operating expenses. Loan fees and interest payments are estimates based on the interest rates in effect at
December 31, 2014, and the contractual principal paydown schedule, excluding any excess cash flow prepayments that may be required. See our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in this prospectus for additional
information about our interest payments. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2014, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 76 Table of Contents Application of Critical Accounting Estimates We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP. The notes to our consolidated financial statements include disclosures about
our significant accounting policies. These accounting policies require us to make certain judgments and estimates in reporting our operating results and our assets and liabilities. The following paragraphs describe the accounting policies that
require significant judgment and estimates due to inherent uncertainty or complexity. Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangibles Due to the 2012 Change in Control Transaction, the value of goodwill increased significantly, as the excess of the purchase price paid for TransUnion
Intermediate over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill and allocated to each of our reporting units. As of December 31, 2014, our consolidated balance sheet included goodwill of $2,023.9 million. As of December 31, 2014, we had no other
indefinite-lived intangible assets. We test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, in the fourth quarter, or on an interim basis if an indicator of impairment is present. For goodwill, we compare the fair
value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount to determine if there is potential goodwill impairment. If the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded to the extent that the fair value of
the goodwill within the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its goodwill. For other indefinite-lived intangibles, if any, we compare the fair value of the asset to its carrying value to determine if there is an impairment. If the fair
value of the asset is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded. We use discounted cash flow techniques to determine the fair
value of our reporting units, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles. The discounted cash flow calculation requires a number of significant assumptions, including projections of future cash flows, exchange rates and an estimate of the
appropriate discount rates. The projections of future cash flows used to assess the fair value of the reporting units are based on the internal operating plans reviewed by management and significant shareholders. The projections of future exchange
rates were based on the current exchange rates at the time the projections were prepared. The estimated discount rates were based on the risk-free rate of interest and estimated risk premiums for the reporting units at the time the impairment
analysis was prepared. We believe our current estimates of fair value are based on assumptions that are reasonable and consistent with assumptions that would be used by other marketplace participants. Such estimates are, however, inherently
uncertain, and estimates using different assumptions could result in significantly different results, and a potential impairment charge for one or more of our reporting units that could adversely affect our results of operations. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, there were no impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangible assets. As of December 31, 2014, our
estimates of fair value for each reporting unit exceeded the carrying amount of the corresponding reporting unit. The estimated fair value of our Latin America reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 5%. A 10% increase in the discount rate or
a 10% decrease in the estimated cash flows of the reporting unit could not have resulted in an impairment in any reporting unit other than the Latin America reporting unit. Long-Lived Depreciable and Amortizable Assets In
connection with the 2012 Change in Control Transaction, all long-lived depreciable and amortizable assets were recorded at fair value and the carrying value of certain fixed assets and all intangible assets increased significantly. 77 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2014, our consolidated balance sheet included fixed assets of $304.8 million,
$181.4 million net of accumulated depreciation, and long-lived intangible assets of $2,347.4 million, $1,939.6 million net of accumulated amortization. We review long-lived assets subject to amortization for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the
asset. Assets to be disposed of are separately presented in the consolidated balance sheet, and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value, less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. When a long-lived asset group is tested
for recoverability, we also review depreciation estimates and methods. Any revision to the remaining useful life of a long-lived asset resulting from that review is also considered in developing estimates of future cash flows used to test the asset
for recoverability. We typically use a discounted cash flow model when assessing the fair value of our asset groups. The discounted cash flow calculation requires a number of significant assumptions, including projections of future cash flows and an
estimate of our discount rate. When events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, we use
estimates of future cash flows to determine recoverability and base such estimates on assumptions that are reasonable and consistent with assumptions that would be used by other marketplace participants. Such estimates, however, are inherently
uncertain and estimates using different assumptions, or different valuation techniques, could result in significantly different results. During 2014, 2013 and 2012, there were no material impairment charges. Legal Contingencies As of December 31, 2014, our
consolidated balance sheet included an accrual of $17.8 million for pending or anticipated claims of our operations. In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various legal proceedings relating to our current or past business
operations. In the ordinary course of business, we are also subject to governmental and regulatory examinations, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings (both form and informal), certain of which may result in adverse
judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. We regularly review all litigation and regulatory matters to determine whether a loss is probable and, if probable, can be reasonabl