” in this prospectus, in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021, or the
2021 Second Quarter 10-Q, in any subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in our other
reports filed from time to time with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before deciding to buy shares of our common stock. Overview We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical
company focused on the development and commercialization of the investigational therapy Haduvio (nalbuphine ER) to treat serious neurologically mediated conditions. We are developing Haduvio for the treatment of chronic pruritus associated with
prurigo nodularis and chronic cough in patients with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, or IPF. We are also developing Haduvio in levodopa-induced dyskinesia, or LID, in patients with Parkinson’s disease. We are conducting a Phase 2b/3 clinical trial of Haduvio, which we refer to as the Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial, in patients with severe chronic pruritus associated
with prurigo nodularis. The Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, two-arm treatment study that is designed to evaluate the safety and anti-pruritic efficacy of Haduvio in
patients in the United States and Europe. In accordance with the protocol for the Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial, we conducted a sample size re-estimation analysis in July 2020, following such time as approximately
45% of the initial targeted number of subjects in the trial were evaluable for the primary endpoint. Based on the analysis, the independent Data Monitoring Committee, or DMC, recommended that the Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial should continue and that the
trial size should increase from an initial enrollment target of 240 to 360 subjects, which maintains the statistical power for the primary endpoint. Based on the DMC’s recommendation, we have increased the planned trial size to 360 subjects.
The pace of enrollment in the trial was impacted by the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, pandemic as new subject screening and most subject enrollment were temporarily halted in March 2020. Our sites began to
restart subject screening and enrollment during May and June 2020. As of August 13, 2021, we have increased the number of active sites to more than 60 globally and approximately 285 subjects have enrolled in the trial. Subject to the
uncertainties associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, we expect to complete enrollment in the second half of 2021 and report top-line data in the first half of 2022. If
the Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial is successful, we expect that we will use the Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial and an additional Phase 3 clinical trial that we believe we will need to conduct to support the submission of a new drug application, or NDA, to the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and a marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency for Haduvio for the treatment of pruritus associated with prurigo nodularis. We are also conducting a Phase 2 clinical trial of Haduvio for chronic cough in patients with IPF, which we refer to as the Phase 2 CANAL trial. The Phase 2
CANAL trial is a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, two-treatment, two-period, crossover study that is designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety, tolerability
and dosing of Haduvio for chronic cough in patients with IPF. This trial is designed to enroll approximately 60 subjects with a goal to have 44 study completers. We are conducting the trial at multiple sites in the United Kingdom. Due to
the COVID-19 pandemic and the specific at-risk nature of IPF patients, our clinical sites halted their enrollment and treatment of subjects in this trial in March 2020.
While subject screening and enrollment resumed at certain clinical trial sites in the fourth quarter of 2020, all sites in the trial paused 2 Table of Contents screening again in December 2020, in response to a shelter-in-place directive from the U.K. government. This shelter-in-place directive expired in March 2021 and the remaining COVID-19 related restrictions were lifted in July 2021. The U.K.
government may choose to reinstate any and/or all of the restrictions in the future depending on COVID-19 infection rates. Initial screening activity has resumed at certain sites following the lifting of the shelter-in-place directive. However, we expect that some sites may take longer to resume their trial activity as the clinical research related infrastructure was disrupted by COVID-19 and that other sites may cease to participate in the trial entirely. We amended the study protocol to reduce the number of in-person visits and procedures to
facilitate this study being completed in an at-risk patient population for COVID-19. Subject to the uncertainties associated with COVID-19 and COVID-19 related restrictions in the United Kingdom, we expect to report top-line data for this trial in the first
half of 2022. With respect to LID, we have written the protocol for a Phase 2 clinical trial for LID in patients with Parkinson’s disease. We plan
to determine next steps in the program once we complete the Phase 2b/3 PRISM and Phase 2 CANAL trials. Risks Related to Our Business Our business is subject to a number of risks of which you should be aware before making an investment decision. These risks are discussed more fully in the
“Risk Factors” section of this prospectus and the “Risk Factors” section of the 2021 Second Quarter 10-Q, which is incorporated by reference herein. These risks include the following: • We face risks related to health epidemics and other widespread outbreaks of contagious disease, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which has delayed our ability to complete our ongoing clinical trials, disrupted our business operations and may further delay our clinical trials, interrupt our supply chain, disrupt regulatory
activities or have other adverse effects on our business and operations. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused substantial disruption in the financial markets and economies worldwide, which could
result in adverse effects on our business and operations. • We have incurred significant losses since inception and expect to continue to incur significant and increasing
losses for the foreseeable future. We may never achieve or maintain profitability. • Even if this offering is successful, we will need substantial additional funding. If we are unable to raise
sufficient capital when needed on acceptable terms or at all, we could be forced to delay, reduce or abandon our product development programs or commercialization efforts. • We have identified conditions and events that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. • Our existing indebtedness, together with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could
adversely affect our financial condition and restrict our future operations. For instance, if we fail to receive positive data in our Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial or fail to meet certain minimum cash or equity raise requirements under our loan facility
with Silicon Valley Bank, or SVB, which loan facility we refer to as the SVB Term Loan, including raising at least $15.0 million in net proceeds from the sale of equity securities during the period from June 1, 2021 through
October 31, 2021, we will be required to deposit unrestricted and unencumbered cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the indebtedness then outstanding in a cash collateral account controlled by SVB, which can be used by SVB to prepay
the SVB Term Loan at any time and would reduce the amounts available to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts and general corporate purposes. • We are dependent on the successful development and commercialization of Haduvio, our sole product candidate. If
we are unable to complete the clinical development of, obtain marketing approval for or successfully commercialize Haduvio or if we experience significant delays in doing so, our business would be substantially harmed. In addition, the development
of Haduvio for the treatment of pruritus 3 Table of Contents associated with prurigo nodularis is currently more advanced than our other target indications. If we are not successful in developing and commercializing Haduvio for the treatment of pruritus
associated with prurigo nodularis, our business could also be substantially harmed. • We have experienced delays and difficulties in the enrollment of subjects in our clinical trials, including our
Phase 2b/3 PRISM trial and our Phase 2 CANAL trial. If we experience further delays or difficulties in the enrollment of subjects in clinical trials, our receipt of necessary regulatory approvals could be delayed or prevented. Other companies are
conducting clinical trials or have announced plans for future clinical trials that are seeking or are likely to seek, to enroll subjects with prurigo nodularis and subjects are generally only able to enroll in a single trial at a time. In addition,
many patients use various treatments off-label to treat pruritus associated with prurigo nodularis and these patients and their physicians may be reluctant to forgo, discontinue or otherwise alter their use of
such off-label therapeutic approaches to participate in our clinical trials. • Our approach to the development and commercialization of Haduvio to treat serious neurologically mediated
conditions is unproven. • Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. Even if we complete
the necessary preclinical studies and clinical trials, the regulatory approval process is expensive, time consuming and uncertain, which may prevent us from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of Haduvio or any future product candidate. • Our Phase 2 clinical trial of Haduvio for the treatment of pruritus associated with prurigo nodularis may not be
predictive of the results of our Phase 2b/