You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this prospectus, which could
materially affect our business, financial condition and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our limited operating history makes evaluating our business and future prospects difficult, and may increase the
risk of your investment. You must consider the risks and difficulties we face as an early stage company with limited
operating history. If we do not successfully address these risks, our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition will be materially and adversely harmed. We were formed in July 2003. We began delivering our first performance
electric vehicle, the Tesla Roadster, in early 2008, and as of March 31, 2011, we had only sold approximately 1,650 production vehicles to customers, almost all of which were sold in the United States and Europe. Our revenues for the years
ended December 31, 2008, 2009, 2010 and the three months ended March 31, 2010 and 2011 were $14.7 million, $111.9 million, $116.7 million, $20.8 million and $49.0 million, respectively. We have a very limited operating
history on which investors can base an evaluation of our business, operating results and prospects. To date, we have derived
our revenues principally from sales of the Tesla Roadster and related sales of zero emission vehicle credits, and from electric powertrain development services and sales. We intend in the longer term to derive substantial revenues from the sales of
our Model S sedan and future electric vehicles, including our Model X crossover vehicle. The Model S is in development and we do not expect to start delivering to customers until mid-2012. We have no operating history with respect to the
Model S electric vehicle and have not yet fully completed the component procurement process for the Model S, which limits our ability to accurately forecast the cost of the vehicle. Further, we have not yet produced a prototype of the
Model X crossover vehicle and do not expect this vehicle to be available for sale before the fourth quarter of 2013 at the earliest. In addition, we only recently completed the purchase of a manufacturing facility in Fremont, California to produce
such vehicles, and we have not yet completely finalized the full vehicle design or our engineering, manufacturing or component supply plans for the Model S. In addition, our powertrain sales, development services revenue and powertrain research
and development compensation have been almost entirely generated under arrangements with Daimler AG (Daimler) for the development and sale of a battery pack and charger for Daimler’s Smart fortwo electric drive and for the development of a
battery pack for Daimler’s A-Class vehicle as well as with Toyota Motor Corporation (Toyota) for the development of a validated powertrain system which will be integrated into an electric vehicle version of the Toyota RAV4. Blackstar Investco
LLC (Blackstar), an affiliate of Daimler, holds more than 5% of our outstanding capital stock. In October 2010, Tesla and Toyota entered into an agreement to develop a validated electric powertrain for the Toyota RAV4. Toyota also purchased
2,941,176 shares of our common stock in a private placement transaction that occurred concurrently with the closing of our IPO. We have also announced our intention for Tesla to receive Toyota’s support with sourcing parts and production and
engineering expertise for the Model S. However, we have not entered into any agreements with Toyota for any such assistance, including any purchase orders, and we may never do so. There are no assurances that we will be able to secure future
business with Daimler, Toyota, or any of their affiliates. It is difficult to predict our future revenues and appropriately
budget for our expenses, and we have limited insight into trends that may emerge and affect our business. For example, during the four quarters of 2009 and 2010, we recorded quarterly revenue of as much as $45.5 million and as little as
$18.6 million and quarterly operating losses of as much as $51.6 million and as little as $4.3 million. In the event that actual results differ from our estimates or we adjust our estimates in future periods, our operating results and
financial position could be materially affected. 11 Table of Contents In addition, our revenues to date have included amounts we receive from selling zero
emission vehicle (ZEV) credits to other automobile manufacturers, pursuant to certain state regulations. We have entered into two contracts for the sale of ZEV credits with two separate automotive manufacturers. For the three months ended
March 31, 2010 and 2011, we earned revenue from the sale of ZEV credits of $0.5 million and $0.6 million, respectively. Our current agreement with American Honda Co., Inc. (Honda) provides for the sale of ZEV credits that we earn from the sale
of vehicles that we manufacture through December 31, 2011. As of March 31, 2011, we had sold credits for 521 vehicles under this agreement and Honda has an obligation to purchase credits for up to 135 additional vehicles that Tesla
manufactures prior to the expiration of the agreement. We may not be able to enter into new agreements to sell any additional credits we may earn in excess of the current contractual amounts on equivalent terms and if this occurs, our financial
results will be harmed. We are significantly dependent upon revenue generated from the sale of our electric vehicles,
specifically the Tesla Roadster, in the near term, and our future success will be dependent upon our ability to design and achieve market acceptance of new vehicle models, and specifically the Model S. We currently generate a significant percentage of our revenue from the sale of our Tesla Roadsters. We began production of our Tesla
Roadster in 2008 and will end the production run of the Tesla Roadster in December 2011. Beyond 2011, our sales of new Tesla Roadsters will be limited to any vehicles available from our 2011 production. Our second planned vehicle, our Model S, is not expected to be in production until mid-2012, requires significant investment prior
to commercial introduction, and may never be successfully developed or commercially successful. There can be no assurance that we will be able to design future models of performance electric vehicles that will meet the expectations of our customers
or that our future models, including the Model S, will become commercially viable. In particular, it is common in the automotive industry for the production vehicle to have a styling and design different from that of the concept vehicle, which
may happen with the Model S. We believe the design of the early prototype Model S is one of the key reasons why we have received approximately 4,600 reservations for the vehicle as of April 30, 2011. To the extent that we are not able
to build the production Model S to the expectations created by the early prototype and our anticipated specifications, customers may cancel their reservations and our future sales could be harmed. Additionally, historically, automobile
customers have come to expect new and improved vehicle models to be introduced frequently. In order to meet these expectations, we may in the future be required to introduce on a regular basis new vehicle models as well as enhanced versions of
existing vehicle models. As technologies change in the future for automobiles in general and performance electric vehicles specifically, we will be expected to upgrade or adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to continue to provide
vehicles with the latest technology. To date, we have limited experience simultaneously designing, testing, manufacturing and selling our electric vehicles. We anticipate that we will experience an increase in losses and will experience a decrease in automotive sales revenues prior to the launch of the Model S. Prior to the launch of our Model S, we anticipate our automotive sales may decline, potentially significantly. We currently produce
the Tesla Roadster gliders, which are partially assembled vehicles that do not contain our electric powertrain, with Lotus Cars Limited (Lotus) in Hethel, England. We currently intend to manufacture gliders with Lotus for our current generation
Tesla Roadster until December 2011. We intend to use these gliders in the manufacturing of the Tesla Roadster to both fulfill orders placed in 2011 as well as new orders placed in 2012 until our supply of gliders is exhausted. Through March 31,
2011, we have delivered approximately 1,650 vehicles, leaving approximately 750 vehicles left to sell. As a result, we anticipate that we will generate limited revenue from selling electric vehicles in 2012 until the launch of our Model S. The
launch of our Model S could be delayed for a number of reasons and any such delays may be significant and would extend the period in which we would generate limited revenues from sales of our electric vehicles. The potential decrease in
automotive 12 Table of Contents sales revenue for the periods prior to the launch of the Model S may be significant and could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial
condition and our ability to fund operating losses could seriously constrain our growth. Furthermore, except for our
arrangements with Daimler and its affiliates, we do not currently have any arrangements in place with third parties for the purchase of powertrain components. There are no assurances that we will be able to secure future business with Daimler or its
affiliates as Daimler has indicated its intent to produce all 