Investing in our Class A common stock involves a
high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this prospectus, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before deciding
whether to purchase shares of our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below include those that we consider material and that we are currently aware of, but are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks is
realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your
investment. We have organized the description of these risks into groupings in an effort to enhance readability but many of the risks interrelate and could be grouped or ordered in other ways. Therefore, no special significance should be attributed
to the groupings or order below. Risks Related to Our
Business and Industry We have a limited operating
history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our business and prospects and may increase the risks associated with your investment. We were incorporated in 2009 and, as a result, have only a limited operating history upon which our business and prospects may be
evaluated. Although we have experienced substantial revenue growth in our limited operating history, we may not be able to sustain this rate of growth or maintain our current revenue levels. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks
and challenges frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly developing industries, including risks related to our ability to: • build a reputation for providing a superior platform and client service, and for creating trust and long-term relationships with clients; • distinguish ourselves from competitors; • develop and offer a competitive platform that meets our clients’ needs as they change; • scale our business efficiently to keep pace with demand for our platform; • maintain and expand our relationships with suppliers of quality advertising inventory and data; • respond to evolving industry standards and government regulation that impact our business, particularly in the areas of data collection and consumer
privacy; • prevent or mitigate failures or breaches of security; • expand our business internationally; and • hire and retain qualified and motivated employees. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in
addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future. If we are unable to do so, our business may suffer, our revenue and operating results may decline and we may not be able to achieve further growth or sustain profitability. Our failure to maintain and grow our client base and spend through our
platform may negatively impact our revenue and business. To sustain or increase our revenue, we must regularly add new clients and encourage existing clients to maintain or increase the amount of advertising inventory purchased through our platform and adopt
new features and functionalities that we add to our platform. If competitors introduce lower cost or differentiated offerings that compete with or are perceived to compete with ours, our ability to sell access to our platform to new or existing
clients could be impaired. We have spent significant effort in cultivating our relationships with advertising agencies, which has resulted in an increase in the budgets allocated to, and the amount of advertising purchased on, our platform. However,
it is possible that we may reach a point of saturation at which we cannot continue to grow our revenue from such agencies because of internal limits that advertisers may place on the allocation of 13 Table of Contents their advertising budgets to digital media to a particular provider or otherwise. While we generally have master services agreements in place for our clients, such agreements allow our clients to
change the amount of spend through our platform or terminate our services with limited notice. Our clients typically have relationships with different providers and there is limited cost to moving budgets to our competitors. As a result, we may have
limited visibility as to our future advertising revenue streams. We cannot assure you that our clients will continue to use our platform or that we will be able to replace, in a timely or effective manner, departing clients with new clients that
generate comparable revenue. If a major client representing a significant portion of our business decides to materially reduce its use of our platform or to cease using our platform altogether, it is possible that our revenue could be significantly
reduced. The loss of advertising agencies as clients could
significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our client base consists primarily of advertising agencies. We do not have exclusive relationships with advertising agencies and we depend on agencies to work with us as they embark on advertising
campaigns for advertisers. The loss of agencies
as clients could significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we fail to maintain satisfactory relationships with an advertising agency, we risk losing business from the advertisers represented by that agency. Advertisers may change advertising agencies. If
an advertiser switches from an agency that utilizes our platform to one that does not, we will lose revenue from that advertiser. In addition, some advertising agencies have their own relationships with suppliers of advertising inventory and can
directly connect advertisers with such suppliers. Our business may suffer to the extent that advertising agencies and inventory suppliers purchase and sell advertising inventory directly from one another or through intermediaries other than us. We had approximately 566 clients, consisting
primarily of advertising agencies, as of December 31, 2016. Many of these agencies are owned by holding companies, where decision making is decentralized such that purchasing decisions are made, and relationships with advertisers, are located,
at the agency, local branch or division level. If all of our individual client contractual relationships were aggregated at the holding company level, Omnicom Group Inc., WPP plc and Publicis Groupe would each represent more than 10% of
our gross billings for 2016. In most cases, we
enter into separate contracts and billing relationships with the individual agencies and account for them as separate clients. However, some holding companies for these agencies may choose to exert control over the individual agencies in the future.
If so, any loss of relationships with such holding companies and, consequently, of their agencies, local branches or divisions, as clients could significantly harm our business, operating results and financial condition. If we fail to innovate and make the right investment decisions in our
offerings and platform, we may not attract and retain advertisers and advertising agencies and our revenue and results of operations may decline. Our industry is subject to rapid and frequent changes in technology, evolving client needs and the frequent introduction by our
competitors of new and enhanced offerings. We must constantly make investment decisions regarding offerings and technology to meet client demand and evolving industry standards. We may make wrong decisions regarding these investments. If new or
existing competitors have more attractive offerings, we may lose clients or clients may decrease their use of our platform. New client demands, superior competitive offerings or new industry standards could require us to make unanticipated and
costly changes to our platform or business model. If we fail to adapt to our rapidly changing industry or to evolving client needs, demand for our platform could decrease and our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely
affected. Failure to manage our growth effectively could
cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. We have experienced significant growth in a short period of time. To manage our growth effectively, we must continually evaluate and
evolve our organization. We must also manage our employees, operations, 14 Table of Contents finances, technology and development and capital investments efficiently. Our efficiency, productivity and the quality of our platform and client service may be adversely impacted if we do not
train our new personnel, particularly our sales and support personnel, quickly and effectively, or if we fail to appropriately coordinate across our organization. Additionally, our rapid growth may place a strain on our resources, infrastructure and
ability to maintain the quality of our platform. You should not consider our revenue growth and levels of profitability in recent periods as indicative of future performance. In future periods, our revenue or profitability could decline or grow more
slowly than we expect. Failure to manage our growth effectively could cause our business to suffer and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. The market for programmatic buying for advertising campaigns is
relatively new and evolving. If this market develops slower or differently than we expect, our business, growth prospects and financial condition would be adversely affected. The substantial majority of our revenue has been derived from clients that programmatically purchase
advertising inventory through our platform. We expect that spending on programmatic ad buying will continue to be our primary source of revenue for the foreseeable future, and that our revenue growth will largely depend on increasing spend through
our platform. The market for programmatic ad buying is an e