—Risks Inherent to this Offering and Our Common Stock—For so long as we are an ‘emerging growth company’ we will not be required to comply
with certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to
investors .” Inflation Inflation in the United States has been relatively low in recent years and did not have a material impact on our results of operations for the
years ended 2015 and 2014 or the six-month period ended June 30, 2016. Although the impact of inflation has been insignificant in recent years, it is still a factor in the United States economy and we tend to experience inflationary pressure on
the cost of oilfield services and equipment as increasing oil and gas prices increase drilling activity in our areas of operations. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risks The demand, pricing and terms for oil and gas services provided by us are largely dependent
upon the level of activity for the U.S. oil and natural gas industry. Industry conditions are influenced by numerous factors over which we have no control, including, but not limited to: the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; the level of
prices, and expectations about future prices of oil and natural gas; the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; the expected rates of declining current production; the discovery rates of new oil and natural
gas reserves; available pipeline and other transportation capacity; weather conditions; domestic and worldwide economic conditions; political instability in oil-producing countries; environmental regulations; technical advances affecting energy
consumption; the price and availability of alternative fuels; the ability of oil and natural gas producers to raise equity capital and debt financing; and merger and divestiture activity among oil and natural gas producers. The level of activity in the U.S. oil and natural gas exploration and production industry is volatile. Expected trends in oil and natural gas
production activities may not continue and demand for our services may not reflect the level of activity in the industry. Any prolonged substantial reduction in oil and natural gas prices would likely affect oil and natural gas production levels and
therefore affect demand for our services. A material decline in oil and natural gas prices or U.S. activity levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Recently, demand for
our services has been strong and we are continuing our past practice of committing our equipment on a short-term or day-to-day basis. Interest Rate
Risk We had a cash and cash equivalents balance of $0.9 million at June 30, 2016. We do not enter into investments for trading
or speculative purposes. We do not believe that we have any material exposure to changes in the fair value of these investments as a result of changes in interest rates. Declines in interest rates, however, will reduce future income. We had $82.3 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility at June 30, 2016, with a weighted average interest rate of 3.3%. A
1% increase or decrease in the interest rate would increase or decrease interest expense by approximately $0.8 million per year. We do not currently hedge our interest rate exposure. Foreign Currency Risk Our remote
accommodation businesses generate revenue and incur expenses that are denominated in the Canadian dollar. These transactions could be materially affected by currency fluctuations. Changes in currency exchange rates could adversely affect our
consolidated results of operations or financial position. We also maintain cash balances denominated in the Canadian dollar. At June 30, 2016, we had $0.5 million of cash in Canadian accounts. A 10% increase in the strength of the Canadian
dollar versus the U.S. dollar would have 71 Table of Contents resulted in an increase in pre-tax income of approximately $0.6 million as of June 30, 2016. Conversely, a corresponding decrease in the strength of the Canadian dollar would have resulted
in a comparable decrease in pre-tax income. We have not hedged our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and, as a result, could incur unanticipated translation gains and losses. Seasonality We provide completion and
production services primarily in the Utica, Permian Basin, Eagle Ford, Marcellus, Granite Wash, Cana Woodford and Cleveland sand resource plays located in the continental U.S. We also provide remote accommodation services in the oil sands in
Alberta, Canada. We serve these markets through our facilities and service centers that are strategically located to serve resource plays in Ohio, Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Alberta, Canada. For the year ended December 31, 2015 and the six
months ended June 30, 2016, we generated approximately 85% and 72%, respectively, of our revenue from our operations in Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Canada where weather conditions may be severe. As a result, our
operations may be limited or disrupted, particularly during winter and spring months, in these geographic regions, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our operations in Oklahoma and Texas
are generally not affected by seasonal weather conditions. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 72 Table of Contents BUSINESS General Overview We are an integrated, growth-oriented oilfield services company providing completion and production services, contract and directional
drilling services and remote accommodation services primarily to companies engaged in the exploration and development of North American onshore unconventional sands and shale oil and natural gas reserves, commonly referred to as “unconventional
resources.” “Unconventional resources” references the different manner by which they are exploited as compared to the
extraction of conventional resources. In unconventional drilling, the wellbore is generally drilled to specific objectives within narrow parameters, often across long, lateral intervals within narrow horizontal formations offering greater contact
area with the producing formation. Typically, the well is then hydraulically fractured at multiple stages to optimize production. Our completion and production services division provides pressure pumping services, pressure control services, flowback
services and equipment rental. Our natural sand proppant services division sells, distributes and is capable of producing proppant for hydraulic fracturing. Our contract land and directional drilling services division provides drilling rigs and
crews for operators as well as rental equipment, such as mud motors and operational tools, for both vertical and horizontal drilling. Our remote accommodation division provides housing, kitchen and dining, and recreational service facilities for
oilfield workers located in remote areas away from readily available lodging. We believe that these services play a critical role in increasing the ultimate recovery and present value of production streams from unconventional resources. Our
complementary suite of drilling and completion and production related services provides us with the opportunity to cross-sell our services and expand our customer base and geographic positioning. Our facilities and service centers are strategically located in Ohio, Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Minnesota, West Virginia, Texas and Alberta, Canada
primarily to serve the following resource plays: • The Utica Shale in Eastern Ohio; • The Permian Basin in West Texas; • The Appalachian Basin in the Northeast; • The Arkoma Basin in Arkansas and Oklahoma; • The Anadarko Basin in Oklahoma; • The Marcellus Shale in West Virginia and Pennsylvania; • The Granite Wash and Mississippi Shale in Oklahoma and Texas; • The Cana Woodford and Woodford Shales and the Cleveland Sand in Oklahoma; • The Eagle Ford Shale in Texas; and • The oil sands in Alberta, Canada. Our operational division heads have an average of over 34
years of oilfield service experience and bring valuable basin-level expertise and long-term customer relationships to our business. We provide our completion and production and contract and directional drilling services to a diversified range of
both public and private independent producers. Our top five customers for the year ended December 31, 2015, representing 71% of our revenue, were Gulfport, EQT Production Company, Oil Sands Limited, RSP Permian LLC and Bantrel Co. Our top five
customers for the six months ended June 30, 2016, representing 80% of our revenue, were Gulfport, Rice Energy Inc., Oil Sands Limited, Hilcorp Energy Company and Taylor Frac LLC. 73 Table of Contents Our Services We manage our business through four operating divisions: completion and production services, natural sand proppant services, contract and
directional drilling services and remote accommodation services. Completion and Production Services Our completion and production business provides pressure pumping, pressure control services, flowback services and equipment rental. Pressure Pumping . Our primary service offering is providing pressure pumping services, also known as hydraulic fracturing, to
exploration and production companies. These services are intended to optimize hydrocarbon flow paths during the completion phase of horizontal shale wellbores. Currently, we provide pressure pumping services in the Utica Shale of Eastern Ohio. Two
of our fleets, which are currently providing services in the Utica Shale, operate under a long-term contract expiring in September 2018. Our pressure pumping services include the following: • Hydraulic Fracturing. We provide high-pressure hy