described in our public filings when evaluating our business. ● Legacy Tvardi has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate the Company’s prospects and likelihood of success. ● Legacy Tvardi has not generated any revenue to date and the Company may never become or remain profitable. ● The Company’s financial condition raises substantial doubt as to its ability to continue as a going concern. ● The Company will require substantial additional capital to fund its operations. If the Company is unable to raise such capital when needed, or on acceptable terms, it may be forced to delay, reduce and/or eliminate one or more of its research and drug development programs, future commercialization efforts or other operations. ● The Company’s business is highly dependent on the success of its product candidates, TTI-101 and any other product candidates that it advances into the clinic. All of the Company’s product candidates will require significant additional preclinical and clinical development before the Company may be able to seek regulatory approval for and launch a product commercially. ● Preclinical and clinical development involves a lengthy, complex and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. ● The Company’s ongoing and future clinical trials may reveal significant adverse events or unexpected drug-drug interactions not seen in preclinical studies and may result in a safety profile that could delay or prevent regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of its product candidates. ● Interim, blinded and preliminary data from the Company’s clinical trials that it announces or publishes from time to time may change as more patient data become available or as additional analyses are conducted and as the data are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. ● Positive results from early preclinical studies and clinical trials of the Company’s current or future product candidates are not necessarily predictive of the results of later preclinical studies and clinical trials of the Company’s current or future product candidates. If the Company cannot replicate the positive results from its preclinical studies or early clinical trials of current or future product candidates in future clinical trials, it may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize any current or future product candidates. ● Although the Company has received U.S. orphan drug designation for TTI-101 for IPF and HCC, it may be unable to obtain and maintain orphan drug designation for its other product candidates and, even if the Company obtains such designation, it 5 Table of Contents may not be able to realize the benefits of such designation, including potential marketing exclusivity of its product candidates, if approved. ● Although the Company has received a Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), for TTI-101 for HCC and intends to seek Fast Track designation for TTI-109 for HCC, it may not benefit from a faster development or regulatory review or approval process and a Fast Track designation does not increase the likelihood that its product candidates will receive marketing approval. ● The regulatory approval process is highly uncertain, and the Company may be unable to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, U.S. or foreign regulatory approval and, as a result, unable to commercialize TTI-101, TTI-109 or any current or future product candidates. Even if the Company believes that its current, or planned clinical trials are successful, regulatory authorities may not agree that they provide adequate data on safety or efficacy. ● The Company does not currently own or in-license any composition of matter patent protection for the TTI-101 molecule. As such, the Company relies solely upon patents related to methods of use, manufacturing and pharmaceutical compositions. ● It is difficult and costly to protect the Company’s intellectual property and its proprietary technologies, and the Company may not be able to ensure their protection. ● The Company relies on third parties to conduct certain aspects of its preclinical studies and clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, the Company may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize any potential product candidates. ● Legacy Tvardi identified material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, and, following the Merger, such material weaknesses must be remediated by the Company. If the Company fails to remediate these material weaknesses, or if it experiences additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, the Company may not be able to accurately or timely report its financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in the Company and, as a result, the value of its common stock. ● The market price of the Company’s common stock is expected to be volatile. ● The Company will incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws, rules and regulations affecting public companies. ● An active trading market for the Company’s common stock may not develop and its stockholders may not be able to resell their shares of common stock for a profit, if at all. ● Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause the Company’s stock price to decline. ● If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about the Company, its business or its market, its stock price and trading volume could decline. Risks Related to the Company’s Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital Legacy Tvardi has incurred significant net losses since inception, and the Company expects to continue to incur significant net losses for the foreseeable future. Development of biopharmaceutical product candidates is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. The Company is still in the early stages of development of its product candidates and its lead product candidate, TTI-101, is only in Phase 2 clinical trials for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (“IPF”), and hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”). The Company has no products approved for commercial sale and has not generated any revenue to date. The Company has incurred significant net losses since its inception and has financed operations principally through equity and debt financing. The Company continues to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to its ongoing operations. Legacy Tvardi’s net loss was $9.6 million 6 Table of Contents and $4.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, it had an accumulated deficit of $101.8 million. The Company has devoted substantially all of its resources and efforts to research and development, and expects that it will be several years, if ever, before the Company has a commercialized product candidate and generates revenue from sales. Even if the Company receives marketing approval for and commercializes one or more of its product candidates, the Company expects that it will continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenses in order to further develop and, if approved, market additional potential product candidates. The Company expects to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and anticipates that its expenses will increase substantially if, and as, it: ● advances TTI-101, TTI-109 and its other product candidates through clinical development, and, if successful, later-stage clinical trials; ● discovers and develops additional product candidates; ● advances its preclinical development programs into clinical development; ● experiences delays or interruptions to preclinical studies, clinical trials, receipt of services from its third-party service providers on whom the Company relies or its supply chain; ● seeks and maintains regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; ● commercializes TTI-101, TTI-109, any other product candidates and any future product candidates, if approved; ● increases the amount of research and development activities to identify and develop product candidates; ● hires additional clinical development, quality control, scientific and management personnel; ● expands its operational, financial and management systems and increases personnel, including personnel to support its clinical development and manufacturing efforts and operations as a public company; ● establishes a sales, marketing, medical affairs and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which it may obtain marketing approval and intends to commercialize on its own or jointly with third parties; ● maintains, expands and protects its intellectual property portfolio; ● invests in or in-licenses other technologies or product candidates; ● continues to build out its organization to engage in such activities; and ● incurs additional legal, accounting, investor relations and other general and administrative expenses associated with operating as a public company. Legacy Tvardi has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate the Company’s prospects and likelihood of success. The Company is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a limited operating history. Legacy Tvardi was incorporated in 2017, has no products approved for commercial sale and has not generated any revenue to date. The Company’s operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing its company, business planning, raising capital, establishing its intellectual property portfolio and performing research and deve