—Risks Related to Our Intellectual
Property” for additional information on the risks associated with our intellectual property strategy and portfolio. Intellectual Property
Relating to Our FGFR3 Program With regard to our FGFR3 product candidates, as of August 15, 2021, we owned three pending
U.S. provisional patent applications and one pending PCT patent application. These patent rights relate to the FGFR3 product candidates’ compositions of matter, formulations containing them, methods of manufacturing, and methods of treating
diseases, using our FGFR3 product candidates. Specifically, we have one U.S. provisional patent application directed to the composition matter of our leading candidate in the FGFR3 program. We expect any patents issued from these applications to
expire in 2040 or 2042 without accounting for any patent term adjustment or extension that may be available. Intellectual Property Relating to Our
FGFR2 Program With regard to our FGFR2 program, as of August 15, 2021, we owned three pending U.S. provisional patent
applications and one pending international PCT patent application. These patent rights relate to the FGFR2 program’s compositions of matter, formulations containing them, methods of manufacturing, and methods of treating diseases. We expect any
patents issued from these applications to expire in 2040 or 2042 without accounting for any patent term extension that may be available. Intellectual Property Relating to Other Programs With regard to our other programs, including the FGFR4 program, as of August 15, 2021, we owned one pending U.S. provisional patent
application. These patent rights relate to these other programs’ compositions of matter, formulations containing them, methods of manufacturing, and methods of treating diseases. We expect any patent issued from this application to expire in
2042 without accounting for any patent term extension that may be available. Scope and Duration of Intellectual Property Protection The term of individual patents depends upon the laws of the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the
patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing of a non-provisional patent application. However, the term of United States patents may be extended for delays incurred due to compliance with the
FDA requirements or by delays encountered during prosecution that are caused by the USPTO. For example, for drugs that are regulated by the FDA under the Hatch-Waxman Act, the FDA is permitted to extend the term of a patent that covers such drug for
up to five years beyond the normal expiration date of the patent. In the future, if and when our product candidates receive FDA approval, we expect to apply for patent term extensions on patents covering those product candidates. We intend to seek
patent term extensions to any of our issued patents in jurisdictions where these are available; however, there is no guarantee that the applicable authorities, including the USPTO and FDA, will agree with our assessment of whether such extensions
should be granted, and even if granted, the length of such extensions. If patents are issued on our pending patent applications, the resulting patents are expected to expire on dates ranging from 2040 to 2042, unless we receive patent term extension
or patent term adjustment, or both. 127 Table of Contents However, the actual protection afforded by a patent varies on a product-by-product basis, from country-to-country, and depends upon
many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage, the availability of regulatory-related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability of the patent. The patent positions of companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. No consistent policy
regarding the scope of claims allowable in patents in the field of oncology therapy has emerged in the United States. The patent situation outside of the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in the patent laws and rules, either by
legislation, judicial decisions, or regulatory interpretation in the United States and other countries may diminish our ability to protect our inventions and enforce our intellectual property rights, and more generally could affect the value of our
intellectual property. In particular, our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell, importing or otherwise commercializing any of our patented inventions, either directly or indirectly, will depend in part on our
success in obtaining, defending and enforcing patent claims that cover our technology, inventions, and improvements. With respect to both licensed and company-owned intellectual property, we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect
to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our product
candidates and the methods used to manufacture them. Moreover, those patents that may issue in the future may not guarantee us the right to practice our technology in relation to the commercialization of our product candidates. The area of patent and other intellectual property rights in biotechnology is an evolving one with many risks and uncertainties, and third
parties may have blocking patents that could be used to prevent us from commercializing our product candidates and practicing our proprietary technology. Our patents that may issue in the future may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented or
invalidated, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing related product candidates or limit the length of the term of patent protection that we may have for our product candidates. In addition, the rights granted under any
issued patents may not provide us with protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop similar technologies. For these and other reasons, we may have
competition for our product candidates. Moreover, because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential product, it is possible that before any product candidate can be commercialized, any related
patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any protection afforded by the patent. For this and other risks related to our proprietary technology, inventions, improvements, SNÅP
platform and product candidates, please see the section entitled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” We intend to file applications for trademark registrations in connection with our product candidates in various jurisdictions, including the
United States. We have filed for trademark protection of the TYRA and TYRA BIOSCIENCES marks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and certain foreign patent and trademark organizations. We also rely on trade secret protection for our confidential and proprietary information. Although we take steps to protect our confidential
and proprietary information as trade secrets, including through contractual means with our employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors, third parties may independently develop substantially
equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our technology. Thus, we may not be able to meaningfully protect our trade secrets. It is our policy to require our employees, consultants,
outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors to execute confidentiality agreements under the commencement of employment or consulting relationships with us. These agreements provide that all confidential information
concerning our business or financial affairs developed or made known to the individual during the individual’s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances. In the case of
employees, the agreements provide that all inventions conceived by the 128 Table of Contents individual, and which are related to our current or planned business or research and development or made during normal working hours, on our premises or using our equipment or proprietary
information, are our exclusive property. In many cases our confidentiality and other agreements with consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers and other advisors require them to assign or grant us licenses to inventions
they invent as a result of the work or services they render under such agreements or grant us an option to negotiate a license to use such inventions. Despite these efforts, we cannot provide any assurances that all such agreements have been duly
executed, and any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our proprietary technology and processes by maintaining physical security of our
premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. Although we have confidence in these individuals, organizations and systems, agreements or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies
for any breach. To the extent that our employees, contractors, consultants, collaborators and advisors use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in relation to the resulting know-how or inventions. For more information, please see the section titled “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property.” Commercializati