You should consider carefully the matters set forth under “Risk Factors” beginning on page 7 of this prospectus before deciding to purchase any of the Securities. 6 RISK FACTORS An investment in the Securities involves a significant degree of risk.  You should carefully consider the risks described below and all other information contained in this prospectus and the documents incorporated herein by reference before deciding to invest in the Securities.  These risks and uncertainties are not the only risks we face.  It is possible that risks and uncertainties not listed below may arise or become material in the future and affect our business. Risks Associated with Our Business and Related to Regulatory Events We have incurred significant operating losses and the timing of profitability is uncertain. We incurred a net operating loss from continuing operations of $142 million for the first quarter of 2011. This compared to a net operating loss from continuing operations of $34.5 million for the first quarter of 2010.  Diluted operating loss from continuing operations per common share was $7.87 for the first quarter of 2011, compared to a diluted operating loss from continuing operations per common share of $1.96 for the first quarter of 2010.  The first quarter of 2011 operating loss largely reflects the Board of Director’s decision to adopt the Problem Asset Disposition Plan described above under “Summary—Recent Developments” to quickly dispose of problem assets following our successful Private Placement also described in “Summary—Recent Developments”.  We incurred a net operating loss from continuing operations of $143 million, or $8.12 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2010; $139 million, or $12.37 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2009; and $63.9 million, or $6.81 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2008, in each case due primarily to credit losses and associated costs, including significant provisions for loan losses.  We may continue to have a higher than normal level of nonperforming assets and substantial charge-offs in 2011, which would continue to adversely impact our overall financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to use our deferred tax asset balances may be materially impaired. As of March 31, 2011, our net deferred tax asset balance was approximately $266 million, which includes approximately $206 million of federal and state net operating losses.  We currently have a valuation allowance of $4.81 million against certain deferred state tax assets that have a very short carry forward period.  Our ability to use these tax benefits would be substantially limited if we were to experience an “ownership change” as defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and related Internal Revenue Service pronouncements.  As a result of the Private Placement we did not incur an “ownership change”, but are close to the threshold. In general, an “ownership change” would occur if our “5-percent shareholders”, as defined under Section 382, collectively increased their ownership in United by more than 50% over a rolling three-year period.  A corporation that experiences an ownership change will generally be subject to an annual limitation on the use of its pre-ownership change deferred tax assets equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term tax-exempt rate, which was 4.55% for ownership changes occurring in March 2011, the month in which United completed the Private Placement. While we have taken measures to reduce the likelihood that future transactions in our stock will result in an ownership change, there can be no assurance that an ownership change will not occur in the future.  More specifically, while the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan described below under “Description of Capital Stock—Tax Benefits Preservation Plan” provides an economic disincentive for any one person or group to become a Threshold Holder (as defined in the plan and described below) and for any existing Threshold Holder to acquire more than a specified amount of additional shares, there can be no assurance that the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan will deter a shareholder from increasing its ownership interests beyond the limits set by the plan.  Such an increase could adversely affect our ownership change calculations. Our calculations regarding our current cumulative change and the likelihood of a future ownership change are based on current law.  Any change in applicable law may result in an ownership change. Other than the risk factors mentioned above, there have been no material changes from the risk associated with our business and industry, as well as the risks related to legislative and regulatory events, contained in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, which is incorporated in this prospectus by reference. 7 Risks Related to the Ownership of the Securities It is unlikely that an active trading market for the Non-Voting Common Stock will develop. The Non-Voting Common Stock will not be a liquid investment because no public trading market currently exists for such security and it is unlikely that a market will develop.  Potential purchasers of the Non-Voting Common Stock should consider carefully the limited liquidity of such investment before purchasing any shares of the Non-Voting Common Stock.  We are not obligated, and do not intend, to apply for the listing of the Non-Voting Common Stock on any securities exchange.  Even if a trading market for the Non-Voting Common Stock were to develop, it may not continue, and a purchaser of such securities may not be able to sell such securities at or above the price at which they were purchased. The resale and transfer of the Non-Voting Common Stock is subject to significant restrictions. Under the terms of the Investment Agreements, pursuant to which the Non-Voting Common Stock was initially sold to the Selling Shareholders, the Non-Voting Common Stock is restricted and may only be transferred in an “Approved Transfer”.  An “Approved Transfer” means a sale or other transfer (i) to an affiliate of the holder of the Non-Voting Common Stock to be transferred under common control with such holder’s ultimate parent, general partner or investment advisor but only if the transferee agrees in writing for the benefit of United to be bound by the terms of the applicable Investor Agreement; (ii) in a widely distributed public offering registered pursuant to the Securities Act; (iii) to a person that is acquiring at least a majority of United’s outstanding “voting securities” (as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “BHC Act”), and any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder) not including any voting securities such person is acquiring from the holder of the Non-Voting Common Stock to be transferred or its affiliates; or (iv) upon certification by the holder of the Non-Voting Common Stock to be transferred in writing to United that such holder believes that the transferee shall not, after giving effect to such transfer, own for purposes of the BHC Act, or the Change of Bank Control Act of 1978, as amended (the “Change of Bank Control Act”), and any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, more than 2% of any class of voting securities of United outstanding at such time. The restrictions on transfer applicable to the Non-Voting Common Stock may significantly impair the liquidity of the Non-Voting Common Stock.  Investors in the Non-Voting Common Stock may not be able to resell their shares at a favorable price or may not be able to resell them at all.  Therefore, holders of the Non-Voting Common Stock may be required to bear the economic risk of their investment for an indefinite period of time. The transferability of our Common Stock is limited as a result of our Tax Benefits Preservation Plan. As described under “—Risks Associated with Our Business and Related to Regulatory Events— Our ability to use our deferred tax asset balances may be materially impaired ”, our ability to use net operating loss carry-forwards to reduce future tax payments may be limited or restricted.  We have generated significant deferred tax assets as a result of our recent losses.  In order to reduce the likelihood that future transactions in our Common Stock will result in an ownership change under Section 382, on February 22, 2011, we adopted a Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, which provides an economic disincentive for any person or group to become an owner, for relevant tax purposes, of 4.99% or more of our Common Stock. The Tax Benefits Preservation Plan has the effect of limiting transferability of our Common Stock because it makes it more difficult and more expensive to acquire our Common Stock under the circumstances described.  If you acquire shares of our Common Stock, your ability to dispose of such shares may be limited due to the reduced class of potential purchasers for the shares. Our Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock are equity and therefore are subordinate to our subsidiaries’ indebtedness and our preferred stock. Our Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock are equity interests and do not constitute indebtedness of United.  Consequently, our Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock rank junior to all current and future indebtedness of United and other non-equity claims against us with respect to assets available to satisfy claims against us, including in the event of our liquidation or dissolution.  We may, and the bank and our other subsidiaries may also, incur additional indebtedness from time to time and may increase our aggregate level of outstanding indebtedness. 8 Further, holders of our Common Stock and Non-Voting Common Stock are subject to the prior dividend and liquidation rights of any holders of our preferred stock that may be outstanding from time t