, the financial statements and the other documents incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise indicated, the terms “Ultra Clean,”
“we,” “us,” “our,” “our company” “the company” and “our business” refer to Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. We are a leading developer and supplier of critical subsystems for the semiconductor capital equipment, flat panel, medical, energy and research industries. We offer our customers an integrated outsourced
solution for gas delivery systems and other subassemblies, improved design-to-delivery cycle times, component neutral design and manufacturing and component testing capabilities. Our revenue is derived from the sale of gas delivery systems and other
critical subsystems including chemical mechanical planarization subsystems, chemical delivery modules, top-plate assemblies, frame assemblies, process modules and other high level assemblies. Our customers are primarily original equipment
manufacturers for the semiconductor capital equipment, flat panel, medical, energy and research industries. Ultra Clean
Holdings, Inc. is a Delaware corporation founded in November 2002 for the purpose of acquiring Ultra Clean Technology Systems and Service, Inc. Ultra Clean Technology Systems and Service, Inc. was founded in 1991 by Mitsubishi Corporation and was
operated as a subsidiary of Mitsubishi until November 2002, when it was acquired by Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. became a publicly traded company in March 2004. Prior to our initial public offering, we were principally owned
by FP-Ultra Clean, L.L.C., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Francisco Partners, L.P. In June of 2006, we acquired Sieger Engineering, Inc., also a supplier of critical subsystems to the semiconductor and flat panel industries, as well as the medical and
capital equipment industries. In July 2012, we acquired American Integration Technologies LLC (“American Integration”), also a supplier of critical subsystems to the semiconductor capital equipment, medical, energy, industrial and
aerospace industries. Our principal executive offices are located at 26462 Corporate Avenue, Hayward, California 94545 and our telephone number is (510) 576-4600. We maintain a web site at www.uct.com. The information on our web site is not
part of this prospectus. 1 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties set forth under
the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2011, and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2012, which are incorporated by reference into this
prospectus, together with any additional disclosures in any supplement to this prospectus which is incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before you decide to purchase our common stock. If any of these possible adverse events actually
occurs, we may be unable to conduct our business as currently planned and our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. In addition, the trading price of our common stock could decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks,
and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Please see “Special Note Regarding