set forth below. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties actually occurs and have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be seriously harmed. We have limited visibility into future sales, which makes it difficult to forecast our
future operating results. Because of our limited visibility into demand and channel inventory levels, our ability to accurately
forecast our future revenues is limited. We sell our products and solutions globally to network operators, service providers and others, primarily through our network of distributors, resellers and OEMs. We do not employ a direct sales force. Sales
to distributors accounted for 97% and 98% of our revenues in the nine months ended March 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Generally, our distributors are not obligated to promote our products and solutions and are free to promote and sell the
products and solutions of our competitors. We sell our products to our distributors on a purchase order basis. Our distributors do not typically provide us with information about market demand for our products. While we have recently begun efforts
to obtain inventory level and sales data from our distributors, this information has been difficult to obtain in a timely manner. Since we have only recently begun gathering this data, we cannot be certain that the information is reliable. Our
operating expenses are relatively fixed in the short-term, and we may not be able to decrease our expenses to offset any shortfall in revenues. If we under forecast demand, our ability to fulfill sales orders will be compromised and sales may be
deferred or lost altogether as potential purchasers seek alternative solutions. We are subject to risks associated with our
distributors’ inventory management practices. Should any of our distributors fail to resell our products in the period of time they anticipate or overstock inventories to address anticipated supply interruptions that do not occur, our revenues
and operating results would suffer in future periods. Our distributors purchase and maintain their own inventories of our products
and have no right to return the products they have purchased. We receive limited information from the distributors regarding their inventory levels and their sales of our products. If our distributors are unable to sell an adequate amount of their
inventories of our products, their financial condition may be adversely affected, which could result in a decline in our sales to these distributors. Distributors with whom we do business may face issues maintaining sufficient working capital and
liquidity or obtaining credit, which could impair their ability to make timely payments to us. In addition, in the past we have experienced shortages of our products and our distributors have ordered quantities in excess of their anticipated near
term demand to insulate themselves from supply interruptions. If, in the future, some distributors decide to purchase more of our products than are required to satisfy customer demand in any particular quarter, inventories at these distributors
would grow. These distributors likely would reduce future orders until inventory levels realign with customer demand, which could adversely affect our revenues in a subsequent quarter. We rely on a limited number of distributors, which we consider to be our customers, and the loss of existing, or a need to add new distributors may cause disruptions in our shipments, which may
materially adversely affect our ability to sell our products and achieve our revenue forecasts and we may be unable to sell inventory we have manufactured to meet expected demand in a timely manner, if at all. Although we have a large number of distributors who sell our products, we sell a substantial majority of our products through a limited number of these
distributors. In the nine months ended March 31, 2013, revenues from Customer A represented 13% of our revenues. In the nine months ended March 31, 2012, revenues from Customer A and Customer C represented 19% and 10% of our revenues,
respectively. We anticipate that we will continue to be dependent upon a limited number of distributors for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. The portion of our revenues attributable to a given distributor may also
fluctuate in the future. Termination of a relationship with a major distributor, either by us or by the distributor, could result in a temporary or permanent loss of revenues. We may not be successful in finding other suitable distributors on
satisfactory terms, or at all, and this could adversely affect our ability to sell in certain geographic markets or to certain network operators and service providers. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, reduced sales levels and damage to our brand due to production of counterfeit versions of our products. In the past we have identified parties that are manufacturing and selling counterfeit products that we believe infringe our intellectual property rights.
Sales of these counterfeit products were so substantial that our revenues were adversely affected while these products were in the market. Given the popularity of our products, we believe there is a high likelihood that counterfeit products or other
products infringing on our intellectual property rights will continue to emerge. In order to combat counterfeit goods, we have and may continue to be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights.
Although we have taken steps to prevent further counterfeiting and believe our efforts to date have been successful in reducing counterfeiting, we may not be able to detect or prevent all 9 Table of Contents instances of infringement and may lose our competitive position in the market before we are able to do so. If the quality of counterfeit products is not representative of the quality of our
products, further damage could be done to our brand. In addition, enforcing rights to our intellectual property may be difficult and expensive, and we may not be successful in combating counterfeit products and stopping infringement of our
intellectual property rights, particularly in some foreign countries, where we could lose sales. Our operating results will vary over
time and such fluctuations could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Our quarterly operating results fluctuate
significantly due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, and we expect them to continue to do so. Our revenues were $83.2 million, $74.9 million, $61.5 million, $94.9 million and $91.7 million and our net income was $20.7
million, $17.8 million, $13.2 million, $28.5 million and $27.9 million in the three months ended March 31, 2013, December 31, 2012, September 30, 2012, June 30, 2012 and March 31, 2012, respectively. Because
revenues for any future period are not predictable with any significant degree of certainty, you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. If our revenues or operating results fall below the expectations of
investors or securities analysts or below any estimates we may provide to the market, the price of our common shares would likely decline substantially, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention. Our
common stock has recently experienced substantial price volatility. For example, from our initial public offering through March 31, 2013, the price of our common stock ranged from $7.80 to $35.99 per share. Additionally, the stock market as a
whole has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the stock price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Factors that could cause our operating results and stock price to fluctuate include: • varying demand for our products due to the financial and operating condition of our distributors and their customers, distributor inventory management
practices and general economic conditions; • shifts in our fulfillment practices including increasing inventory levels in attempt to decrease customer lead times; • inability of our contract manufacturers and suppliers to meet our demand; • success and timing of new product introductions by us and the performance of our products; • announcements by us or our competitors regarding products, promotions or other transactions; • lost sales due to the proliferation of counterfeit versions of our products; • costs related to the protection of our intellectual property rights, including defense against counterfeiting efforts; • costs related to responding to government inquiries related to regulatory compliance; • our ability to control and reduce product costs; • expenses of our entry into new markets, such as video surveillance microwave backhaul and machine-to-machine communications; • commencement of litigation or adverse results in litigation; • changes in the manner in which we sell products; • increased warranty costs; • volatility in foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates and/or the availability and cost of financing or other working capital to our
distributors and their customers; • the impact of write downs of excess and obsolete inventory; and • the impact of any provisions for doubtful accounts. In addition, our business may be subject to seasonality; however, our recent growth rates and timing of product introductions may have masked seasonal changes in demand. Although we have not perceived
seasonality to date, we may experience seasonality in the future. We could be adversely affected by unfavorable results from
shareholder class ac