—Risks
Related to Owning Our Common Stock—Our certificate of incorporation will contain a provision renouncing our interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities.” Limited Ownership and Voting by Foreign Owners To comply with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership and control of U.S. airlines, our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws to be in effect immediately prior to the consummation of this offering restrict ownership, voting, and control of shares of our capital stock by non-U.S. citizens.
The restrictions imposed by federal law and DOT policy require that we be owned and controlled by U.S. citizens, that no more than 25.0% of our voting stock be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by persons or entities who are not U.S.
citizens, as defined in 49 U.S.C. § 40102(a)(15), that no more than 49.0% of our outstanding stock be owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, (beneficially or of record) by persons or entities who are not U.S. citizens and are from
countries that have entered into “open skies” air transport agreements with the U.S., that our president and at least two-thirds of the members of our board of directors and other managing officers
be U.S. citizens, and that we be under the actual control of U.S. citizen. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws to be in effect immediately prior to the 178 Table of Contents consummation of this offering provide that the failure of non-U.S. citizens to register their shares on a separate stock record, which we refer to as the
“foreign stock record,” would result in a loss of their voting rights in the event and to the extent that the aggregate foreign ownership of the outstanding common stock exceeds the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law.
Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that no shares of our common stock will be registered on the foreign stock record if the amount so registered would exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. If it is determined
that the amount registered in the foreign stock record exceeds the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law, shares will be removed from the foreign stock record, resulting in loss of voting rights, in reverse chronological order based
on the date of registration therein, until the number of shares registered therein does not exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. We are currently in compliance with these ownership restrictions. Forum Selection Our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws currently provide, and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, which will become effective immediately prior to the completion of this offering, will provide, that:
(i) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware)
will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: (A) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (B) any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed
by any of our current or former director, officer, other employee, agent or stockholder to the company or our stockholders, including without limitation a claim alleging the aiding and abetting of such a breach of fiduciary duty, (C) any action
asserting a claim against the company or any of our current or former director, officer, employee, agent or stockholder arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or as to
which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (D) any action asserting a claim related to or involving the company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine;
(ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint
asserting a cause or causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, including all causes of action asserted against any defendant to such complaint; (iii) any person or entity purchasing or
otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of capital stock of the company will be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions; and (iv) failure to enforce the foregoing provisions would cause us irreparable harm, and
we will be entitled to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, to enforce the foregoing provisions. This exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the
Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Nothing in our current certificate of incorporation or bylaws or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws precludes
stockholders that assert claims under the Exchange Act, from bringing such claims in federal court to the extent that the Exchange Act confers exclusive federal jurisdiction over such claims, subject to applicable law. Although our current certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain, and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended
and restated bylaws will contain, the choice of forum provision described above, it is possible that a court could find that such a provision is inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable. For example,
Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, there is
uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a forum selection provision as written in connection with claims arising under the Securities Act. Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Please see “Management—Limitation of Liability and Indemnification.” 179 Table of Contents Market Listing We have applied to have our common stock approved for quotation on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “FRNT.” Transfer Agent and Registrar The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare, Inc. The transfer agent and registrar’s address is 480 Washington Boulevard, 29th Floor, Jersey City, New Jersey 07130. 180 Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our common stock. Future sales of our common stock in the public market, or the
availability of such shares for sale in the public market, could adversely affect market prices prevailing from time to time. As described below, only a limited number of shares will be available for sale shortly after this offering due to
contractual and legal restrictions on resale. Nevertheless, sales of our common stock in the public market after such restrictions lapse, or the perception that those sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price at such time
and our ability to raise equity capital in the future. Based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and giving
effect to the completion of this offering,                  million shares of common stock will be outstanding, assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to
purchase additional shares and no exercise of outstanding options. Of these shares, the              shares sold in this offering, which includes both the shares sold by us and any shares
sold by the selling stockholder, plus any shares sold upon exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of our common stock from the selling stockholder, will be freely tradable in the public market without restriction or
further registration under the Securities Act, unless the shares are held by any of our “affiliates” as such term is defined in Rule 144 of the Securities Act. After this offering,                  million shares of common
stock will be restricted as a result of securities laws or lock-up agreements as described below. Following the expiration of the various lock-up periods, all shares
will be eligible for resale in compliance with Rule 144 or Rule 701, if then available, to the extent such shares have been released from any repurchase option that we may hold. “Restricted securities” as defined under Rule 144 were issued
and sold by us in reliance on exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. These shares may be sold in the public market only if registered pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Rule 701 under the
Securities Act. The share amounts set forth in this section are subject to change and will depend primarily on the price per share at
which our common stock is sold in this offering and the total size of the offering. Please see “