—Risks related to our limited operating history, financial condition and need for
additional capital.” We believe that the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, will
enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through    . We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner
than we expect. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenue, we expect to finance our operations through a combination of equity
offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest
will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that
include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making acquisitions or 110 Table of Contents capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we
may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or
debt financings or other arrangements when needed, we would be required to delay, scale back or discontinue our research, product development or future commercialization efforts, or grant rights to develop and market product candidates that we would
otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Contractual obligations and other commitments Asset acquisition from Astellas and related letter agreement with Astellas and Regeneron In October 2021, we entered into the Astellas Asset Purchase Agreement with Astellas, and concurrently entered into the Regeneron Letter Agreement with Astellas and
Regeneron. Under the Regeneron Letter Agreement, Astellas assigned and transferred to us and we assumed and accepted certain of Astellas’ surviving rights and
obligations under the Terminated Regeneron License Agreement. By assuming and accepting Astellas’ surviving obligations under the Terminated Regeneron License Agreement, we are required to pay Regeneron mid-single-digit percentage royalties on aggregate worldwide net sales of a Royalty Product during the royalty term. The
royalties are determined on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis and expire
on the later of (i) a specified number of years after the launch of a given Royalty Product in a given country and (ii) the expiration of the last valid claim of royalty bearing company patent rights claiming or covering such Royalty
Product in such country. To date, we have not made any royalty payments to Regeneron under the Regeneron Letter Agreement. License agreement with Lonza As consideration for the rights and
licenses granted to us under the Lonza License Agreement, we agreed to pay Lonza certain royalties and annual payments, both payable in swiss francs, in respect of the manufacturing and sale of the Compound, such amounts to be determined by the
party manufacturing the Compound, and range from no annual payment to up to a mid-six figure annual payment, and a less-than-one percent to a low-single-digit percentage royalty on net sales of the Compound. In accordance with the Lonza License Agreement, we entered into a sublicense with Wuxi Biologics (Hong Kong) Limited to manufacture the Compound,
requiring us to pay a mid-six-figure annual fee to Lonza pursuant to this provision. Any royalties due under the Lonza License Agreement are payable on a country-by-country basis until ten years from the first commercial sale of the Compound in that particular country. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we made an annual
payment to Lonza in the amount of $0.4 million, which was paid during the six months ended June 30, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made an annual payment to Lonza in the amount of $0.4 million. During the six
months ended June 30, 2024, we made an annual payment to Lonza in the amount of $0.5 million. These payments were recognized as research and development expense in the condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.
To date, we have not made any royalty payments to Lonza under the Lonza License Agreement. Lease agreement On July 3, 2024, we entered into a three-year agreement for office space located at 890 Winter Street in Waltham, Massachusetts. We will begin paying monthly rent
starting one month after lease commencement. 111 Table of Contents Initial base rent shall be approximately $0.7 million for the first year and approximately $0.8 million for the second and third year. The lease commenced in September 2024. On July 8, 2024, we provided notice of termination of our current operating lease and sublease of office space at 460 Totten Pond Road, Waltham, Massachusetts. This
notice is effective on October 9, 2024, after which our rights and obligations under this lease and sublease will cease. Research and development We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with CROs and investigator sites that conduct clinical trials on our behalf, CMOs that manufacture
product candidates for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and third-party vendors, including CROs, that conduct research and preclinical studies on our behalf. Prepayments under these arrangements can generally be repurposed or the
services themselves cancelable upon prior written notice, though cancellation fees are likely. Payments due upon cancellation consist only of payments for services provided and expenses incurred up to the date of cancellation. Critical accounting estimates and significant judgments Our
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“U.S.
GAAP”). The preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. Prepaid and accrued research and development expenses As part of the
process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our research and development expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services
that have been performed on our behalf, and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service
providers invoice us in arrears for services performed, on a pre-determined schedule or when contractual milestones are met; however, some require advanced payments. We make estimates of our accrued expenses
as of each balance sheet date in our consolidated financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Examples of estimated accrued research and development expenses include: • expenses incurred under agreements with third parties, including CROs and investigative sites that conduct research,
preclinical studies and clinical trials on our behalf, and in connection with the Maruho License Agreement; 112 Table of Contents • expenses incurred under agreements with third parties, including CMOs, that develop and manufacture our product candidate
for use in our preclinical studies and clinical trials; and • other providers and vendors in connection with research and development activities. We base our expenses related to preclinical studies and clinical trials on our estimates of the services received and efforts expended pursuant to quotes and contracts
with multiple CROs, investigative sites, CMOs, and third-party vendors that conduct research, preclinical studies, and conduct clinical trials on our behalf. The financial terms of these agreements are subject to negotiation, vary from contract to
contract and may result in uneven payment flows. There may be instances in which payments made to our vendors will exceed the level of services provided and result in a prepayment of the expense. Payments under some of these contracts depend on factors such as the successful enrollment of patients and the completion of clinical trial milestones. In accruing fees,
we estimate the time period over which services will be performed, enrollment of patients, number of sites activated, and the level of effort t