; and • general economic, industry and market conditions. We may need financing in the future, and any
additional financing may result in restrictions on our operations or substantial dilution to our stockholders. We may seek to renegotiate or refinance our loan and security agreements, and we may be unable to do so on acceptable terms or at all. We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings, cash from operations and cash available under
our loan and security agreements. We may need to raise funds in the future, for example, to expand our business, acquire complementary businesses, develop new technologies, respond to competitive pressures or react to unanticipated situations. We
may try to raise additional funds through public or private financings, strategic relationships or other arrangements. Our ability to obtain debt or equity funding will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating
performance and investor interest. Additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to reduce expenditures, including curtailing our growth strategies, reducing our
product-development efforts or foregoing acquisitions. If we succeed in raising additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible securities, it could result in substantial dilution to existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds
through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these new securities would have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock. In addition, any debt financing obtained by us in the future or
issuance of preferred stock could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business
opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Additionally, we may need to renegotiate the terms of our loan and security agreements, and our lender may be unwilling to do so, or may agree to such changes subject to additional restrictive
covenants on our operations and ability to raise capital. Our loan agreements contain operating and financial covenants that may restrict our
business and financing activities. On March 5, 2012, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Comerica Bank, as
amended, the U.S. Loan Agreement. The U.S. Loan Agreement provides to us and certain of our subsidiaries, as co-borrowers, a secured accounts receivable revolving loan facility of up to $5.0 million and a secured term loan facility of up to $19.5
million, for a total loan facility of up to $24.5 million. On February 10, 2012, Tenrox Inc., a Canadian corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary entered into a loan and security agreement with Comerica Bank, as amended, the Canadian Loan
Agreement. The Canadian Loan Agreement provides a secured accounts receivable revolving loan facility of up to $3.0 million and a secured term loan facility of up to $2.5 million, for a total loan facility of up to $5.5 million. As of June 30, 2014,
we had $3.6 million outstanding as revolving loans and $17.9 million outstanding as term loans under the U.S. Loan Agreement. As of June 30, 2014, there was a zero balance on the revolving loans and $1.0 million outstanding as term loans under the
Canadian Loan Agreement. Our obligations and the obligations of the co-borrowers and any guarantors under the U.S. Loan Agreement are
secured by a security interest in substantially all of our assets and assets of the co-borrowers’ and of any guarantors, including intellectual property. The obligations of Tenrox Inc., our obligations and the obligations of -18- Table of Contents any other guarantors under the Canadian Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in substantially all of Tenrox Inc.’s assets, our assets and assets of any other guarantors,
including intellectual property. The loan and security agreements and related guaranties and security agreements limit, among other things, our ability to: • sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of assets; • undergo a change in control; • consolidate or merge with or into other entities; • make or own loans, investments and acquisitions; • create, incur or assume guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons; • create, incur or assume liens and other encumbrances; or • pay dividends or make distributions on, or purchase or redeem, our capital stock. Furthermore, the loan and security agreements require us and our subsidiaries to comply with certain financial covenants. The operating and
other restrictions and covenants in the loan and security agreements and related guaranties and security agreements, and in any future financing arrangements that we may enter into, may restrict our ability to finance our operations, engage in
certain business activities, or expand or fully pursue our business strategies, or otherwise limit our discretion to manage our business. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, and
we may not be able to meet those restrictions and covenants. A breach of any of the restrictions and covenants could result in a default under the loan and security agreements, related guarantees and security agreements or any future financing
arrangements, which could cause any outstanding indebtedness under the loan and security agreements or under any future financing arrangements to become immediately due and payable, and result in the termination of commitments to extend further
credit. If we are unable to increase market awareness of our company and our applications, our revenue may not continue to grow, or may decline. Market awareness of our company and our applications is essential to our ability to generate new leads for expanding our business
and our continued growth. If we fail to sufficiently invest in our marketing programs or they are unsuccessful in creating market awareness of our company and our applications, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or may decline and our
financial performance may be adversely affected. The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete
effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. The overall market for enterprise work management software is
rapidly evolving and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new applications. The intensity and nature of our competition varies significantly across our family of enterprise work management software
applications. Many of our competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater brand name recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets and significantly greater resources than we do. Some of our smaller competitors
may offer applications on a stand-alone basis at a lower price than us due to lower overhead or other factors, while some of our larger competitors may offer applications at a lower price in an attempt to cross-sell additional products in the future
or retain a customer using a different application. We believe there are a limited number of direct competitors that provide a
comprehensive enterprise work management software offering. However, we face competition both from point solution providers, including legacy on-premise enterprise systems, and other cloud-based work management software vendors that may address one
or more of the functional elements of our applications, but are not designed to address a broad range of enterprise work management needs. In addition, we face competition from manual processes and traditional tools, such as paper-based techniques,
spreadsheets and email. -19- Table of Contents Our primary competitors for each of our enterprise work management applications currently
include: • Program and Portfolio Management : Clarity (a division of Computer Associates), Changepoint, Instantis and Planview; • Project Management and Collaboration : Microsoft Project, AtTask and Clarizen; • Workflow Automation and Enterprise Content Management : Hyland Software, Laserfiche, OpenText, Perceptive Software (a division of Lexmark), Adobe and Sitecore; • Project Workforce Management : Deltek, Infor, OpenAir (a product of NetSuite), and Replicon; and • Financial Management : Apptio, Hewlett Packard’s Information Technology Financial Management Solution and VMware’s Information Technology Business Management Suite. If our competitors’ products, services or technologies become more accepted than our enterprise work management applications, if they are
successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, or if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours, our revenues could be adversely affected. Mergers of, or other strategic transactions by, our competitors could weaken our competitive position or reduce our revenue. If one or more of our competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the change in the competitive landscape could
adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. In order to take advantage of customer demand for cloud-based software applications, vendors of legacy systems are expanding their cloud-based enterprise workplace management applications through
acquisitions and organic development. A potential result of such expansion is that certain of our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources and the ability to further invest in product
improvements and initiate or withstand substantial price competition. Our competitors also may establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with our current or future value-added resellers, third-party consulting firms or other parties with
whom we have relationships, thereby 