” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before making an investment decision. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms
“Upstart,” “the company,” “we,” “us” and “our” in this prospectus refer to Upstart Holdings, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. Our fiscal year end is December 31, and our fiscal quarters
end on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31. Upstart Holdings, Inc. Overview Our mission is to enable effortless credit
based on true risk. We are a leading, cloud-based AI lending platform. AI lending enables a superior loan product with improved economics that can
be shared between consumers and lenders. Our platform aggregates consumer demand for high-quality loans and connects it to our network of Upstart AI-enabled bank partners. Consumers on our platform benefit
from higher approval rates, lower interest rates, and a highly automated, efficient, all-digital experience. Our bank partners benefit from access to new customers, lower fraud and loss rates, and increased
automation throughout the lending process. Credit is a cornerstone of the U.S. economy, and access to affordable credit is central to unlocking
upward mobility and opportunity. The FICO score was invented in 1989 and remains the standard for determining who is approved for credit and at what interest rate. 1 While FICO is rarely the only
input in a lending decision, most banks use simple rules-based systems that consider only a limited number of variables. Unfortunately, because legacy credit systems fail to properly identify and quantify risk, millions of creditworthy individuals
are left out of the system, and millions more pay too much to borrow money. 2 We leverage the
power of AI to more accurately quantify the true risk of a loan. Our AI models have been continuously upgraded, trained and refined for more than eight years. We have discrete AI models that target fee optimization, income fraud, acquisition
targeting, loan stacking, prepayment prediction, identity fraud and time-delimited default prediction. Our models incorporate more than 1,000 variables and benefit from a rapidly growing training dataset that currently contains more than
10.5 million repayment events. The network effects generated by our constantly improving AI models provide a significant competitive advantage—more training data leads to higher approval rates and lower interest rates at the same loss
rate. Our AI models are provided to bank partners within a consumer-facing cloud application that streamlines the end-to-end process of originating and servicing a loan. We have built a configurable, multi-tenant cloud application designed to integrate seamlessly into a bank’s existing technology systems. Our highly
configurable platform allows each bank to define its own credit policy and determine the significant parameters of its lending program. Our AI models use and analyze data from 1 Kaufman; see the section titled “Industry, Market and Other Data.” 2 Ficklin and Watkins; see the section titled “Industry, Market and Other Data.” 1 Table of Contents all of our bank partners. As a result, these models are trained by every Upstart-powered loan, and each bank partner benefits from participating in a shared AI lending platform. Consumers can discover Upstart-powered loans in one of two ways: either via Upstart.com or through a bank-branded product on our bank partners’ own
websites. Loans issued through our platform can be retained by our originating bank partners, distributed to our broad base of approximately 100
institutional investors and buyers that invest in Upstart-powered loans or funded by Upstart’s balance sheet. In the fourth quarter of 2020, 18 % of the loans funded through our platform were retained by the originating bank and
81 % of loans were purchased by institutional investors through our loan funding programs. Our institutional investors and buyers that participate in our loan funding programs invest in Upstart-powered loans through whole loan purchases,
purchases of pass-through certificates and investments in asset-backed securitizations. As of December 31, 2020, we had twelve bank partners. In the year ended December 31, 2020, Cross River Bank (CRB) originated 67% of the loans
facilitated on our platform and fees received from CRB accounted for 63% of our total revenue. Our current agreement with CRB began on January 1, 2019 and has an initial four year term, with a renewal term for an additional two years following
the initial four year term. We enter into nonexclusive agreements with our whole loan purchasers and each of the grantor trust entities in our asset-backed securitizations, or ABS, under which our ABS investors benefit from our loan servicing
capabilities. 3 The remaining 1% of loans funded through our platform in the fourth quarter of 2020 were funded through our balance sheet. Our revenue is primarily comprised of fees paid by banks. We charge banks referral fees for each loan referred through Upstart.com and originated by a
bank partner, platform fees for each loan originated, regardless of its source, and loan servicing fees as consumers repay their loans. Our agreements with our bank partners are nonexclusive, generally have 12-month terms that automatically renew, subject to certain early termination provisions and minimum fee amounts, and do not include any minimum origination obligation or origination limits. As a usage-based
platform, we target positive unit economics on each transaction, resulting in a cash efficient business model that features both high growth rates and profitability. Recent Developments In March 2021, we entered into a
definitive agreement to acquire Prodigy Software, Inc., a provider of cloud-based automotive retail software. The aggregate consideration to be paid by us is estimated to be $100 million, subject to customary purchase price adjustments, payable
in a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the second quarter of 2021. Industry Overview Affordable Credit is Critical
to Unlocking Upward Mobility and Opportunity With $3.6 trillion of consumer credit originated between April 2019 and March 2020, 4 credit is a cornerstone of the U.S. economy. Access to affordable credit is central to unlocking upward mobility 3 See the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Term loans and revolving loan facilities” and Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for more information about our loan funding programs, including the role of our warehouse credit
facilities and special purpose entities. See “Note 3. Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities” to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding transactions with our VIEs. 4 Based on loan origination dollar amounts published by TransUnion; see the section titled “Industry, Market and Other
Data.” 2 Table of Contents and opportunity. Reducing the price of borrowing for consumers has the potential to dramatically improve the quality of life for millions of people. Studies have demonstrated a strong statistical
link among access to affordable credit, personal well-being and income growth. 5 The average American has approximately $29,800 in personal
debt. 6 While access to affordable credit has allowed Americans to purchase and improve their homes, buy cars, pay for college tuition and cover emergency expenses, high interest rates can
negatively impact a consumer’s financial health. The U.S. Federal Reserve reports that on average, 10% of household disposable personal income is spent on debt repayment. 7 In addition, 16% of
Americans spend 50% to 100% of their monthly income repaying debt. 8 Affordable Credit Is
Inaccessible for Millions because Existing Systems Fail to Accurately Quantify Risk The FICO score was invented in 1989 and has not
fundamentally changed since that time. 9 The FICO score is used by over 90% of lenders to determine who is approved for credit and at what interest rate. 10 While FICO is rarely used in isolation, many credit models are simple rules-based systems. A leading expert found that bank credit models commonly incorporate eight to 15 variables, with the more
sophisticated models using as many as 30. 11 Unsurprisingly, the world is more complicated than can be represented by these models, so they are limited in their ability to reliably estimate the
probability of default. Many borrowers suffer from the effects of inaccurate credit models. Many are approved for a loan that they ultimately will be unable to repay, negatively impacting both the consumer and the lender. Many others may be declined
for a loan that they could have successfully repaid if given the opportunity—again doing harm to both consumer and lender. According to an Upstart retrospective study completed in December 2019, four out of five Americans who have taken out a
loan have never defaulted, yet less than half of Americans have access to prime credit. 12 Even consumers with high credit scores tend to pay too much for loans because the rates they pay
effectively subsidize the losses from borrowers who default. Banks Will Continue to be at the Forefront of Consumer Lending Banks have been at the forefront of consumer lending in the U.S. for more than a century. They benefit from long-term structural advantages, including a
low cost of funding, a unique regulatory 5 Wysen; see the section titled “Industry, Market and Other Data.” 6 Northwestern Mutual; see the section titled “Industry, Market and Other Data.” 7 Federal Reserve Household Debt; see the section titled “Industry, Market and Other Data.” 8 Northwestern Mutual; see the section titled “Industry, Market and