Investing in our securities is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “ Risk Factors ” section beginning on page __ before deciding to invest in our securities. Trading symbol Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol “UPXI”. (1) The number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding prior to and to be outstanding immediately after this offering, as set forth in the table above, is based on 63,208,083 and 66,497,557 shares outstanding as of December 1, 2025, and excludes: · 694,478 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding as of December 1, 2025, at a weighted average exercise price of $3.43 per share; · 170,664 shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding as of December 1, 2025, at a weighted average exercise price of $15.39 per share; · 35,479,872 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of debt; · 138,889 shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of Series A Preferred Stock; and · 4,514,000 shares of common stock that have been granted as a restricted stock grant under our 2019 Incentive plan and upon vesting will be issued. 17 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a great deal of risk. Careful consideration should be made of the following factors as well as other information included in this prospectus before deciding to purchase our securities. There are many risks that affect our business and results of operations, some of which are beyond our control. Our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially harmed by any of these risks. This could cause the trading price of our securities to decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also affect our business and results of operations. Risks Related to Upexi Upexi does not anticipate paying any dividends on its common stock. No dividends have been paid on Upexi’s common stock. Upexi does not intend to pay cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future, and anticipate that profits, if any, received from operations will be reinvested into its business. Any decision to pay dividends will depend upon its financial condition, operating results, and current and anticipated cash needs. You may experience additional dilution in the future. To raise additional capital, Upexi may in the future offer additional securities, including shares of its Common Stock, at prices that may not be the same as the price per share in this offering. Upexi may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which Upexi sells additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions may be higher or lower than the price per share paid by investors in this Offering. Furthermore, sales of a substantial number of shares of Upexi’s common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of Upexi’s common stock. Shares eligible for future sale may adversely affect the market. From time to time, certain of Upexi’s stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions in the open market pursuant to Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant to recent amendments to Rule 144, a non-affiliate stockholder who has satisfied a six-month holding period may, under certain circumstances, sell its shares, without limitation. Any substantial sale of Upexi’s common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale prospectus (including sales by investors of securities purchased in this offering) may have a material adverse effect on the market price of the common stock. 18 Table of Contents Our limited operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business prospects and management. The Company was incorporated on September 5, 2018, and only commenced operations thereafter. Accordingly, we have a limited operating history upon which to base an evaluation of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties, and we cannot assure you that the Company will achieve or sustain profitability in the future. The Company’s prospects must be considered in light of the risks encountered by companies in the early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Future operating results will depend upon many factors, including our success in attracting and retaining motivated and qualified personnel, our ability to establish short term credit lines or obtain financing from other sources, such as this Offering, our ability to develop and market new products, our ability to control costs, and general economic conditions. We cannot assure you that the Company will successfully address any of these risks. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed. Our commercial success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain appropriate intellectual property protection in the United States and foreign countries with respect to our proprietary formulations and products. Our ability to successfully implement our business plan depends on our ability to build and maintain brand recognition using trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other intellectual property. We may rely on trade secrets, trademark, patent and copyright laws, and confidentiality and other agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. The steps we have taken and the steps we will take to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to preclude misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are unsuccessful or inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and prevent our brands from achieving or maintaining market acceptance. Protecting against unauthorized use of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights may be expensive, difficult and in some cases not possible. In some cases, it may be difficult or impossible to detect third-party infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights and proving any such infringement may be even more difficult. We may not be able to effectively manage growth. As we continue to grow our business and develop products, we expect to need additional research, development, managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, accounting, legal and other resources. The Company expects its growth to place a substantial strain on its managerial, operational and financial resources. The Company cannot assure that it will be able to effectively manage the expansion of its operations, or that its facilities, systems, procedures or controls will be adequate to support its operations. The Company’s inability to manage future growth effectively would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Our management may not be able to control costs in an effective or timely manner. The Company’s management has made reasonable efforts to assess, predict and control costs and expenses. However, the Company only has a brief operating history upon which to base those efforts. Implementing our business plan may require more employees, capital equipment, supplies or other expenditure items than management has predicted. Likewise, the cost of compensating employees and consultants or other operating costs may be higher than management’s estimates, which could lead to sustained losses. 19 Table of Contents We expect our quarterly financial results to fluctuate. We expect our net sales and operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, including changes in: · Demand for our products; · Our ability to obtain and retain existing customers or encourage repeat purchases; · Our ability to manage our product inventory; · General economic conditions, both domestically and in foreign markets; · Advertising and other marketing costs; and · Costs of creating and expanding product lines. As a result of the variability of these and other factors, our operating results in future quarters may be below the expectations of our stockholders. We are subject to the reporting requirements of U.S. federal securities laws, which can be expensive. We are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited consolidated financial statements to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would have if we had remained privately held. In addition, it may be time-consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the corporate governance requirements, internal controls and reporting procedures required by the federal securities laws. This may divert management’s attention from other business concerns, which could 