—Intellectual Property Risks .”
Although we do have patents to protect our intellectual property rights for electric powered motor products; we are no longer developing
electric powered boats. 64 Insurance and Product Warranties We carry various insurance
policies, including policies to cover general products liability, directors and officers, workers’ compensation and other casualty
and property risks, to protect against certain risks of loss consistent with the exposures associated with the nature and scope of our
operations. Our policies are generally based on our safety record as well as market trends in the insurance industry and are subject to
certain deductibles, limits and policy terms and conditions. We provide limited product warranties, generally covering
periods of ten years for the hull, and the motors are under warranty by their manufacturer. In addition, we provide a three-year limited fiberglass
small parts warranty on some parts and components, such as consoles. Gelcoat is covered up to one year. We pass all warranties included
with third party components (e.g., stereos, pumps, electrical devices) directly on to the consumer. Where there is no separate OEM warranty,
we provide a one-year basic limited systems warranty for repair or replacement of the defective part. Environmental, Safety and Regulatory Matters Certain materials used in
our manufacturing, including the resins used in production of our boats, are toxic, flammable, corrosive or reactive and are classified
by the federal and state governments as “hazardous materials.” Control of these substances is regulated by the Environmental
Protection Agency (the “EPA”) and state pollution control agencies. The United States Clean Air Act (the “CAA”)
and corresponding state and provincial rules regulate emissions of air pollutants. The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”)
standards limit the emissions to which an employee may be exposed without the need for respiratory protection or upgraded plant ventilation.
Our facilities are regularly inspected by OSHA and by state and local inspection agencies and departments. We believe that our facility
complies in all material aspects with these regulations. Although capital expenditures related to compliance with environmental laws are
expected to increase, we do not currently anticipate any material expenditure will be required to continue to comply with existing environmental
or safety regulations in connection with our existing manufacturing facilities. Powerboats sold in the United
States must be manufactured to meet the standards of certification required by the United States Coast Guard. In addition, boats manufactured
for sale in the European Community must be certified to meet the European Community’s imported manufactured products standards.
These certifications specify standards for the design and construction of powerboats. We believe that all of our boats meet these standards.
In addition, safety of recreational boats is subject to federal regulation under the Boat Safety Act of 1971, which requires boat manufacturers
to recall products for replacement of parts or components that have demonstrated defects affecting safety. We have instituted recalls
for defective component parts produced by certain of our third-party suppliers. None of the recalls has had a material adverse effect
on our company. In addition to the regulation of our manufacturing
operations, the EPA has adopted regulations stipulating that many marine propulsion engines meet certain air emission standards. The engines
used in our products, all of which are manufactured by third parties, are warranted by the manufacturers to be in compliance with the
EPA’s emission standards. Furthermore, the engines used in our products must comply with the applicable emission standards under
the Center for European Policy Analysis (“CEPA”) and corresponding provincial legislation. The additional cost of complying
with these regulations has increased our cost to purchase the engines and, accordingly, has increased the cost to manufacture our products. If we are not able to pass these additional costs
along to our dealers, it may have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. Employees/Human Capital We currently employ approximately
70 employees, all of whom are full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. 65 Competitive Pay and Benefits Our compensation programs
are designed to align the compensation of our employees with our performance and to provide the proper incentives to attract, retain and
motivate employees to achieve superior results. The structure of our compensation programs balances incentive earnings for both short-term
and long-term performance. Specifically: ● we provide employee wages and benefits that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge and geographic location; ● we align our executives’ long-term equity compensation with our shareholders’ interests by linking realizable pay with stock performance; and ● all employees are eligible for health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, a retirement plan and life and disability/accident coverage. Health and Safety The health and safety of
our employees is our highest priority, and this is consistent with our operating philosophy. Accordingly, with the global spread of the
ongoing novel coronavirus pandemic, we have implemented plans designed to address and mitigate the impact of pandemics on the safety of
our employees and our business, which include: ● adding work from home flexibility; ● adjusting attendance policies to encourage those who are sick to stay home; ● increasing cleaning protocols across all locations; and ● initiating regular communication regarding impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, including health and safety protocols and procedures. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in legal
proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Except as disclosed below and in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely
to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or
cash flows. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion
of management resources and other factors. On March 10, 2025, shareholders Nabeel Youseph and
Marisa Hardyal-Youseph (“Plaintiffs”), who are former holders of common stock of Forza X1, Inc. (“Forza”), commenced
an action in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, captioned Youseph, et al. v. Visconti, et al., Case No. 2025-0262, by filing
a putative class action complaint (the “Complaint”) against Defendants Joseph Visconti, Kevin Schuyler, Neil Ross, Twin Vee
Powercats Co. and Twin Vee Powercats, Inc. (collectively, “Defendants”), related to Forza’s merger with Twin Vee seeking
an unspecified award of damages, plus interest, costs, and attorneys’ fees. Plaintiffs’ Complaint asserts claims (1) against
Defendants for breach of fiduciary duty in their capacities as controlling shareholders of Forza, (2) against Messrs. Visconti, Schuyler,
and Ross for breach of fiduciary duty in their capacities as directors of Forza, and (3) against Mr. Visconti for breach of fiduciary
duty in his capacity as an officer of Forza. Defendants deny the allegations and intend to vigorously defend against the claims. At this
time, as the matter is in its early stages, the Company is unable to estimate or project the ultimate outcome of this matter. 66 Corporate Information Our principal executive office is located at 3101
S. US-1, Ft. Pierce, Florida 34982 and our telephone number is (772) 429-2525. We maintain our corporate website at www.twinvee.com. The
reference to our website is an inactive textual reference only, the information that can be accessed through our website is not part of
this prospectus, and investors should not rely on any such information in deciding whether to purchase our common stock. We were incorporated in the State of Florida as Twin
Vee Catamarans, Inc. on December 1, 2009 and reincorporated in Delaware on April 7, 2021 under the name to Twin Vee PowerCats Co. ValueRich,
Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of Florida on July 11, 2003 and reincorporated in Delaware on March 3, 2006. On February
17, 2015 ValueRich, Inc. consummated the acquisition of Twin Vee Catamarans, Inc. On April 26, 2016, ValueRich, Inc. changed its name
and began operating under the name Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. On December 5, 2022, Twin Vee PowerCats, Inc. was merged into our company. Forza X1, Inc. was initially incorporated as Electra
Power Sports, Inc. on October 15, 2021, which name was subsequently changed to Forza X1, Inc. on October 29, 2021. Prior to Forza’s
incorporation on October 15, 2021, the electric boat business was operated as our Electra Power Sports™ Division. Following our
initial public offering that closed on July 23, 2021 (the “IPO”), we determined in October 2021 that for several reasons,
that we would market our new independent line of electric boats under a new brand name (and new subsidiary). and we engaged in a public
offering of the shares of common stock of Forza. During 2024, Forza determined to cease production of its planned electric boat, and on
November 26, 2024, Forza was merged into Twin Vee Powercats. Co. and became a wholly -owed subsidiary of Twin Vee Powercats. Co. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act. The Exchange Act requires us to file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
r