Investing in our Class A common stock
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial
statements and related notes, before deciding whether to purchase shares of our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and
adversely affected. In that event, the price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future operating results, and we may not achieve our
expected operating results in the future. We were incorporated in 2007 and introduced our first commercially available cloud-based solution, Veeva CRM, that same year. Our two other major solutions, Veeva Vault and Veeva Network, were introduced
in 2011 and 2013, respectively. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to forecast our future operating results, including revenues, cash flows and profitability, is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties. We have
encountered and will encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in the technology industry, such as the risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus. If our assumptions regarding these risks and
uncertainties are incorrect or change due to changes in our markets, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results may differ materially from our expectations and our business may suffer. We expect the future growth rate of our revenues to
decline, and as our costs increase, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to sustain the level of profitability we have achieved in the past or achieve profitability in the future. In our fiscal years ended January 31,
2013 and 2014, our revenues grew by 111% and 62%, respectively, as compared to revenues from the prior fiscal year. We expect the growth rate of our revenues to decline in future periods. At the same time, we expect our future expenses to increase
as we continue to invest in our business. We expect to incur significant future expenditures related to: • developing new solutions, enhancing our existing solutions and improving the technology infrastructure, scalability, availability, security and
support for our solutions; • expanding and deepening our relationships with our existing customer base, including expenditures related to increasing the adoption of our
solutions by the research and development departments of life sciences companies; • sales and marketing, including expansion of our direct sales organization and global marketing programs; • expansion of our professional services organization; • international expansion; and • general operations, IT systems and administration, including legal and accounting expenses related to being a public company that we did not incur
as a private company. Our investments may not result in increased revenues now or in the future. If our efforts to increase revenues and manage our expenses are not successful, or if we incur costs, damages, fines, settlements
or judgments as a result of other risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus, our operating results and business would be harmed. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will increase or sustain our historical levels of profitability or
that we will achieve profitability in the future. 8 Table of Contents Additionally, our professional services revenues fluctuate as a result of
the achievement of milestones in our professional services arrangements, and the requirements, complexity and timing of our customers’ implementation projects. In recent quarterly periods, our professional services revenues have remained
relatively flat or declined as compared to the prior quarterly period, and our professional services revenues may not increase on a quarterly basis in the future. In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, we
derived approximately 95% of our subscription services revenues from our Veeva CRM solutions, and Veeva CRM has achieved substantial penetration within the U.S.-based sales teams of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. If our efforts to
further increase the use and adoption of our Veeva CRM solutions do not succeed, the growth rate of our revenues may decline. In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2014, we derived approximately 95% of our subscription services revenues from
our Veeva CRM solutions, including Veeva CRM, Veeva CLM, Veeva iRep and Veeva CRM Approved Email, and we have realized substantial sales penetration with Veeva CRM among the U.S.-based sales teams of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
in particular. A critical factor for our continued growth is our ability to sell additional user subscriptions for Veeva CRM to our existing and new customers. Any factor adversely affecting sales of this solution, including penetration of the U.S.
market, could adversely affect the growth rate of our revenues, operating results and business. If our newer solutions, including Veeva Vault, Veeva CRM Approved Email or Veeva Network, are not successfully adopted by new and existing customers, the growth rate of our revenues and operating
results will be adversely affected. Our continued growth and profitability will depend on our ability to successfully develop and sell new solutions, including Veeva Vault, Veeva CRM Approved Email and Veeva Network. These solutions were
recently introduced and it is uncertain whether these solutions will ever result in significant revenues or comprise a significant portion of our total revenues. It may take us significant time and we may incur significant expense to effectively
market and sell these solutions, or to develop other new solutions and make enhancements to our existing solutions. If Veeva Vault, Veeva CRM Approved Email, Veeva Network or other solutions that we may develop and introduce in the future do not
achieve market acceptance in a timely manner, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods, and if we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our
business plan, maintain high levels of service or adequately address competitive challenges. Since we were founded, we have experienced rapid growth and expansion of our operations. For instance, our employee
headcount has increased from 437 as of January 31, 2013 to 725 employees as of January 31, 2014, and we plan on hiring additional employees in the future. Our rapid growth has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our
administrative and operational infrastructure, facilities and other resources. Our ability to manage our operations and growth will require us to continue to expand our research and development, sales and marketing, professional services and finance
and administration teams, as well as our facilities and infrastructure. We will also be required to refine our operational, financial and management controls and reporting systems and procedures. Moreover, if we fail to efficiently manage this
expansion, our costs and expenses may increase more than we plan and we may fail to expand our customer base, enhance our existing solutions, develop new solutions, satisfy the requirements of our existing customers, respond to competitive
challenges or otherwise execute our business plan. If we are unable to manage our growth, our operating and financial results likely would be harmed. 9 Table of Contents If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is
otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce the use of or stop using our solutions and we may incur significant liabilities. Our solutions involve the storage and transmission of our customers’ proprietary
information, including personal or identifying information regarding their employees and the medical professionals whom their sales personnel contact, sensitive proprietary data related to the regulatory submission process for new medical
treatments, and other sensitive information. As a result, unauthorized access or security breaches as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise could result in the loss of information, litigation, indemnity
obligations, damage to our reputation and other liability. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to
anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any or all of these issues could adversely affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect to not renew their subscriptions, result in
reputational damage or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover losses associated with such events, and in any
case, such insurance may not cover all of the types of costs, expenses and losses we could incur to respond to and remediate a security breach. A security breach of another significant provider of cloud-based solutions may also negatively impact the
demand for our solutions. Our subscription
agreements with our customers are generally for a term of one year. If our existing customers do not renew their subscriptions annually, or buy additional solutions and user subscriptions from us, or renew at lower fee levels, our business and
operating results will suffer. Our subscription agreem