based on the NIST SP 800-171 framework (which provides recommended requirements
for protecting the confidentiality of controlled unclassified information) that affect data security within our internal network and
external products. These audits include compliance reviews and penetration tests where applicable. A prioritized list of remediations
to strengthen our security posture are in progress, and there are risks associated with unaddressed vulnerabilities in the meantime including
risk of data loss, malware, and ransomware. We have taken steps to protect customer data within our products by applying strong encryption
to files both in transit and at rest. Our
reputation and financial condition could be adversely affected if, as a result of a significant cyber-event or otherwise: ● our
                                            operations are disrupted or shut down; ● our
                                            or our customers’ or employees’ confidential, proprietary information is stolen
                                            or disclosed; ● we
                                            incur costs or are required to pay fines in connection with stolen customer, employee or
                                            other confidential information; ● we
                                            must dedicate significant resources to system repairs or increase cyber security protection;
                                            or ● we
                                            otherwise incur significant litigation or other costs. If
our computer systems are damaged or cease to function properly, or, if we do not replace or upgrade certain systems, we may incur substantial
costs to repair or replace them and may experience an interruption of our normal business activities or loss of critical data. Any such
disruption could adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We
also rely on information technology systems maintained by third parties, including third-party cloud computing services and the computer
systems of our suppliers for both our internal operations and our customer-facing infrastructure related to our additive manufacturing
solutions. These systems are also vulnerable to the types of interruption and damage described above but we have less ability to take
measures to protect against such disruptions or to resolve them if they were to occur. Information technology problems faced by third
parties on which we rely could adversely impact our business and financial condition as well as negatively impact our brand reputation. 21 Our
current levels of insurance may not be adequate for our potential liabilities. We
maintain insurance to cover our potential exposure for most claims and losses, including potential product and non-product related claims,
lawsuits and administrative proceedings seeking damages or other remedies arising out of our commercial operations. However, our insurance
coverage is subject to various exclusions, self-retentions and deductibles. We may be faced with types of liabilities that are not covered
under our insurance policies, such as environmental contamination or terrorist attacks, or that exceed our policy limits. Even a partially
uninsured claim of significant size, if successful, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. In
addition, we may not be able to continue to obtain insurance coverage on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and our existing policies
may be cancelled or otherwise terminated by the insurer. Maintaining adequate insurance and successfully accessing insurance coverage
that may be due for a claim can require a significant amount of our management’s time, and we may be forced to spend a substantial
amount of money in that process. Changes
in tax laws or tax rulings could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The
tax regimes we are subject to or operate under, including income and non-income taxes, are unsettled and may be subject to significant
change. Changes in tax laws, regulations, or rulings, or changes in interpretations of existing laws and regulations, could materially
affect our financial position and results of operations. For example, the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”) made
broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, including changes to U.S. federal tax rates, additional limitations on the deductibility
of interest, both positive and negative changes to the utilization of future net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards, allowing
for the expensing of certain capital expenditures, and putting into effect the migration from a “worldwide” system of taxation
to a more territorial system. Future guidance from the IRS with respect to the Tax Act may affect us, and certain aspects of the Tax
Act could be repealed or modified in future legislation. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”)
has already modified certain provisions of the Tax Act. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”), enacted on August
16, 2022, further amended the U.S. tax code, imposing a 15% minimum tax on “adjusted financial statement income” of certain
corporations as well as an excise tax on the repurchase or redemption of stock by certain corporations, beginning in the 2023 tax year.
The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”), enacted on July 4, 2025, makes permanent several provisions that were temporary
under the TCJA, reducing uncertainty. The OBBBA enhances deductions and expensing options, such as the permanent 100% bonus depreciation
and increased deduction limits on certain business expenses, which were more restrictive under the TCJA. The OBBBA also makes some changes
to the international tax provisions. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act,
the CARES Act, the IRA, the OBBBA or any newly enacted federal tax legislation. The issuance of additional regulatory or accounting
guidance related to the Tax Act, the CARES Act, the IRA and the OBBBA could materially affect our tax obligations and effective
tax rate in the period issued. As we continue to expand internationally, we will be subject to other jurisdictions around the world with
increasingly complex tax laws, the application of which can be uncertain. The amount of taxes we pay in these jurisdictions could increase
substantially as a result of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations
of existing tax laws and precedents, which could have an adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations. In addition, the
authorities in several jurisdictions could review our tax returns and impose additional tax, interest and penalties, which could have
an impact on us and on our results of operations. In addition, many countries in Europe and a number of other countries and organizations,
have recently proposed or recommended changes to existing tax laws or have enacted new laws that could significantly increase our tax
obligations in the countries where we do or intend to do business or require us to change the manner in which we operate our business. As
we expand the scale of our international business activities, these types of changes to the taxation of our activities could increase
our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of taxes imposed on our business, and harm our financial position. Such changes
also may apply retroactively to our historical operations and result in taxes greater than the amounts estimated and recorded in our
consolidated financial statements. 22 Some
members of our management have limited experience in operating a public company. Some
of our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully
or effectively manage the significant public company regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Our
limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in
that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities, which will result in less time being devoted
to the management and growth of the company. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience and
training in the accounting policies, practices or internal control over financial reporting required of public companies. The development
and implementation of the standards and controls and the hiring of experienced personnel necessary to achieve the level of accounting
standards required of a public company may require costs greater than expected. Market
conditions, economic uncertainty or downturns could adversely affect our business and operating results. In
recent years, the United States and other significant markets have experienced cyclical downturns and worldwide economic conditions remain
uncertain, including as a result of outbreaks of epidemic diseases (including COVID-19 and variants), supply chain disruptions, the war
in Ukraine and the war in Israel, instability in the U.S. and global banking systems, rising fuel prices, increasing interest rates or
foreign exchange rates, changes in U.S. presidential administrations and government policies and priorities and, as discussed in more
detail below, high inflation and the possibility of a recession. Economic uncertainty and associated macroeconomic conditions make it
extremely difficult for our customers and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, and could cause our customers
to slow spending on our products, which could delay and lengthen sales cycles. A
significant downturn in economic activity, or general spending on additive manufacturing systems, may cause our current or potential
customers to react by reducing their capi