—We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of this material weakness is not effective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock.” Off-balance sheet arrangements Since the date of our incorporation, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Critical accounting policies, significant judgments and use of estimates The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the financial statements, as well as revenue and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management’s judgments and estimates. While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our financial statements, we believe that the following critical accounting policies and estimates are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Research contract costs and accruals We enter into various research and development and other agreements with commercial firms, researchers and others for provisions of goods and services from time to time. These agreements are generally cancellable, and the related costs are recorded as research and development expenses as incurred. We record accruals for 110 Table of Contents estimated ongoing research and development costs. When evaluating the adequacy of the accrued liabilities, we analyze progress of the studies or clinical trials, including the phase or completion of events, invoices received and contracted costs. Significant judgments and estimates are made in determining the accrued balances at the end of any reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. Stock-based compensation We maintain a stock-based compensation plan as a long-term incentive for employees, non-employee directors, consultants and advisors. The plan allows for the issuance of a variety of equity incentive awards, including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options and restricted stock awards. We account for stock-based compensation by measuring and recognizing compensation expense for all share-based awards made to employees and non-employees based on estimated grant-date fair values. We use the straight-line method to allocate compensation cost to reporting periods over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We recognize actual forfeitures by reducing the stock-based compensation expense in the same period as the forfeitures occur. We estimate the fair value of share-based awards to employees and non-employees using the Black-Scholes model. Estimating the fair value of equity-settled awards as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model is affected by assumptions regarding a number of complex variables. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation is recognized. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. These inputs are as follows: • Fair value of common stock—See the subsection titled “Fair value of common stock” below. • Expected term—The expected term represents the average period that our options granted are expected to be outstanding and is determined using the simplified method (based on the mid-point between the weighted-average vesting date and the end of the contractual term). We have very limited historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior for our stock option grants. • Expected volatility—Since we were a privately-held company until our IPO in May 2021 and have only a limited trading history for our common stock, the expected volatility was estimated based on the historical average volatility for comparable publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies over a period equal to the expected term of the stock option grants. The comparable companies were chosen based on their similar size, life cycle stage, or area of specialty. We will continue to apply this process until enough historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available. • Risk-free interest rate—The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of the options. • Expected dividend yield—We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected volatility, expected terms, and interest rates utilized for our stock-based compensation calculations on a prospective basis. Assumptions we used in applying the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of our stock options granted involve inherent uncertainties and the application of significant judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and we use significantly different assumptions or estimates, our equity-based compensation could be materially different. 111 Table of Contents Fair value of common stock Historically, for all periods prior to our IPO, the fair values of the shares of our common stock underlying our share-based awards were determined on each grant date by our board of directors with input from management and the assistance of an independent third-party valuation specialist. Given the absence of a public trading market of our common stock, and in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation (Practice Aid), our board of directors exercised reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of the fair value of our common stock at each grant date. These factors include: • external market conditions affecting the proteomics and genomics biotechnology industry and trends within the industry; • our stage of development; • the rights, preferences and privileges of our redeemable convertible preferred stock relative to those of our common stock; • the prices at which we sold shares of our redeemable convertible preferred stock; • actual operating results and projected financial performance, including our levels of available capital resources; • the progress of our research and development efforts and business strategy; • equity market conditions affecting comparable public companies; • general U.S. market conditions; and • the lack of marketability of our common stock. In valuing our common stock, the fair value of our business, or enterprise value, was determined using various valuation methods, including combinations of income, market and asset approaches with input from management. The income approach determines value by using one or more methods that convert anticipated economic benefits into a present single amount. The application of the income approach establishes value by methods that discount or capitalize earnings or cash flow, by a discount or capitalization rate that reflects investors’ rate of return expectations, market conditions, and the relative risk of the subject investment. The market approach involves identifying and evaluating comparable public companies and acquisition targets that operate in the same industry or which have similar operating characteristics as the subject company. From the comparable companies, publicly available information is used to extrapolate market-based valuation multiples that are applied to historical or prospective financial information in order to derive an indication of value. The asset approach determines the value of the underlying assets and liabilities of a business as a means of determining the value of the business in aggregate. This approach can include the value of both tangible and intangible assets. The Practice Aid identifies various available methods for allocating enterprise value across classes and series of capital stock to determine the estimated fair value of common stock at each valuation date. In accordance with the Practice Aid, we considered the following methods: • Option Pricing Method (OPM) .    Under the OPM, shares are valued by creating a series of call options with exercise prices based on the liquidation preferences and conversion terms of each equity class. The estimated fair values of the redeemable convertible preferred stock and common stock are inferred by 112 Table of Contents analyzing these options. This method is appropriate to use when the ran