—Risks Related to This Offering and Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock—Anti-takeover provisions
contained in our charter documents and Delaware law could prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce the market price of our stock." 131 Table of Contents Authorized but Unissued Shares The authorized but unissued shares of our common stock and our preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval,
subject to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of the Nasdaq Global Market. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate finance transactions, acquisitions and employee
benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could make more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy
contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Classified Board of Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our board of directors will be divided into three classes, with the
classes as nearly equal in number as possible and each class serving three-year staggered terms. Directors may only be removed from our board of directors for cause by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority in voting power of the shares entitled to vote. See "Management—Board of Directors, Committees and Executive Officers." These provisions may have the effect of
deferring, delaying or discouraging hostile takeovers or changes in control of us or our management. Stockholder Action; Special Meeting of Stockholders Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that our stockholders will not be able to take action by written consent for
any matter and may only take action at annual or special meetings. As a result, a holder controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to amend our amended and restated bylaws or
remove directors without holding a meeting of our stockholders called in accordance with our amended and restated bylaws, unless previously approved by our board of directors. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation will further
provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, our president or another officer selected by a majority
of our board of directors, thus limiting the ability of a stockholder to call a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or
for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations In addition, our amended and restated bylaws will establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual
meeting of stockholders, including proposed nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors. In order for any matter to be "properly brought" before a meeting, a stockholder will have
to comply with advance notice and duration of ownership requirements and provide us with certain information. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations specified in
the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our board of directors or by a qualified stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting who is entitled to vote
at the meeting and who has delivered timely written notice in proper form to our secretary of the stockholder's intention to bring such business before the meeting. These provisions could have the
effect of delaying stockholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities until the next stockholder meeting. Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws The DGCL provides generally that the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares entitled to vote is required to
amend a corporation's certificate of incorporation, unless a corporation's certificate of incorporation requires a greater percentage. Upon consummation 132 Table of Contents of
this offering, our bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders a majority of the votes which all our stockholders would
be eligible to cast in an election of directors. Limitation on Liability of Directors and Indemnification Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will limit our directors' and officers' liability to the
fullest extent permitted under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Specifically, our directors and officers will not be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any
breach of fiduciary duty by a director or officer, except for liability: • for any breach of the director's or officer's duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; • for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware; or • for any transaction from which a director or officer derives an improper personal benefit. If
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors or officers, then the
liability of our directors and officers shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as so amended. The
provision regarding indemnification of our directors and officers in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will generally not limit liability under state or federal
securities laws. Delaware
law and our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws will provide that we will, in certain situations, indemnify any person made or
threatened to be made a party to a proceeding by reason of that person's former or present official capacity with our company against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses,
including reasonable attorney's fees. Any person is also entitled, subject to certain limitations, to payment or reimbursement of reasonable expenses in advance of the final disposition of the
proceeding. In addition, we are party to certain indemnification agreements pursuant to which we have agreed to indemnify the employees who are party thereto. The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors
for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if
successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. In addition, your investment may be adversely affected to the extent that, in a class action or direct suit, we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A common stock will be Equiniti Trust Company. Listing We have applied to list our Class A common stock on Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol "VERX." 133 Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our Class A common stock, and we cannot predict the effect, if any, that
market sales of shares of our Class A common stock or the availability of shares of our Class A common stock for sale will have on the market price of our Class A common stock
prevailing from time to time. Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the availability of such shares for sale in the public market, could adversely affect market
prices prevailing from time to time. As described below, only a limited number of shares of Class A common stock will be available for sale shortly after this offering due to contractual and
legal restrictions on resale. Nevertheless, sales of our Class A common stock in the public market after such restrictions lapse, or the perception that those sales may occur, could adversely
affect the prevailing market price at such time and our ability to raise equity capital in the future. After
giving effect to the reclassification, based on the number of shares outstanding as of                        , 2020, upon the
completion of this offering,                shares of
Class A common stock (or                shares of Class A common stock if
the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock in full) and                shares of Class B common stock will be
outstanding. Of the
outstanding shares, all the shares of Class A common stock sold in this offering, including both the shares sold by us and any shares sold by the selling stockholders as a result of the
underwriters' exercise of their option to purchase additional shares, will be freely transferrable without restriction or registration under the Securities Act, except that any shares purchased by one
of our "affiliates," as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be sold only in compliance with the limitations described below, and any shares purchased by our directors
or officers pursuant to our directed share program shall be subject to the lock-up agreements described below. The
shares of Class B common stock outstanding upon completion of this offering will be restricted securities, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act.
These shares of Class B common stock may be sold in the public market only if registered or pursuant