—Risks Related to Our Business—We depend on channel partners to sell our products in certain markets and regions and are subject to risks associated with these arrangements” and
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business—A substantial portion of our business is derived from a limited number of key customers or distributors.” We employ a global manufacturing and distribution strategy to control production costs and improve service to customers. We support our international sales
efforts with sales representatives based in Europe, Latin America, Asia and other regions throughout the world. Our net sales from international operations were $372.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and $1.6 billion for each
of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.” Patents and Trademarks We pursue an active policy of
seeking intellectual property protection, namely patents and registered trademarks, for new products and designs. On a worldwide basis, we held approximately 2,600 patents and patent applications and over 1,300 registered trademarks and trademark
applications as of December 31, 2013. We consider our patents and trademarks to be valuable assets, and while no single patent is material to our operations as a whole, we believe the CommScope, Andrew, Uniprise and SYSTIMAX trade names and
related trademarks are critical assets to our business. We intend to rely on our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary knowledge, trade secrets and continuing technological innovation, to develop and maintain our competitive
position. We will continue to protect certain key intellectual property rights. Backlog and Seasonality At March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we had an order backlog of $779 million and $592 million, respectively. Orders typically fluctuate from
quarter to quarter based on customer demand and general business conditions. Our backlog includes only orders that are believed to be firm. In some cases, unfilled orders may be canceled prior to shipment of goods, but cancellations historically
have not been material. However, our current order backlog may not be indicative of future demand. Due to the variability of shipments under large
contracts, customers’ seasonal installation considerations and variations in product mix and in profitability of individual orders, we can experience significant quarterly fluctuations in sales and operating income. Our operating performance is
typically weaker during the first and fourth quarters and stronger during the second and third quarters. These variations are expected to continue in the future. Consequently, it may be more meaningful to focus on annual rather than interim results. Competition The market for our products is highly
competitive and subject to rapid technological change. We encounter significant domestic and international competition across all segments of our business. Our competitors include large, diversified companies—some of whom have substantially
more assets and greater financial resources than we do—as well as small to medium-sized companies. We also face competition from less diversified companies that have concentrated their efforts in one or more areas of the markets we serve. Our
primary competitors 98 include Amphenol Corporation, Belden Inc., Comba Telecom Systems Holding Ltd., Corning Incorporated, Emerson Electric Co., Ericsson Inc., Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., KATHREIN-Werke KG, Nokia,
Panduit Corp., RFS (a division of Alcatel-Lucent SA) and TE Connectivity Ltd. We compete primarily on the basis of delivery solutions, product specifications, quality, price, customer service and delivery time. We believe that we differentiate
ourselves in many of our markets based on our market leadership, global sales channels, manufacturing, intellectual property, strong reputation with our customer base, the scope of our product offering, the quality and performance of our solutions
and our service and technical support. Raw Materials Our products are manufactured or assembled from both standard components and parts that are unique to our specifications. Our internal manufacturing operations
are largely process oriented and we use significant quantities of various raw materials, including copper, aluminum, steel, brass, plastics and other polymers, fluoropolymers, bimetals and optical fiber, among others. We use significant volumes of
copper, aluminum, steel and polymers in the manufacture of coaxial and twisted pair cables, antennas and cabinets. Other parts are produced using processes such as stamping, machining, molding and pressing from metals or plastics. Portions of the
requirements for these materials are purchased under supply arrangements where some portion of the unit pricing may be indexed to commodity market prices for these metals. We may, from time to time, enter into forward purchase commitments for a
specific commodity to mitigate our exposure to price changes for a portion of our anticipated purchases. Certain of the raw materials utilized in our products may only be available from a limited number of suppliers. We may, therefore, encounter
availability issues and/or significant price increases. Our profitability may be materially affected by changes in the market price of our raw materials,
most of which are linked to the commodity markets. Prices for copper, aluminum, fluoropolymers and certain other polymers derived from oil and natural gas have fluctuated substantially during the past several years and exhibited significantly
greater than normal levels of volatility. As a result, we have adjusted our prices for certain Wireless, Enterprise and Broadband segment products and may have to adjust prices again in the future. Delays in implementing price increases, failure to
achieve market acceptance of price increases or price reductions in response to a rapid decline in raw material costs have in the past and could in the future have a material adverse impact on the results of our operations. In addition, some of our products are assembled from specialized components and subassemblies manufactured by suppliers. We are dependent upon sole suppliers
for certain key components for some of our products. If these sources were not able to provide these components in sufficient quantity and quality on a timely and cost-efficient basis, it could materially impact our results of operations until
another qualified supplier is found. We believe that our supply contracts and our supplier contingency plans mitigate some of this risk. Environment We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and
water, management of regulated materials, the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous waste, the content of our products, and the investigation and remediation of contaminated sites. Because of the nature of our business, we have incurred, and
will continue to incur, costs relating to compliance with or liability under these environmental laws and regulations. We believe we are in material compliance with applicable environmental requirements, including RoHS and WEEE. Compliance with
current laws and regulations has not had and is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. However, new laws and regulations, including efforts to regulate the types of substances allowable in certain of our products,
or GHG emissions, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new remediation or discharge requirements could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or
increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business. 99 Pursuant to the U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 and similar
state statutes, current or former owners or operators of a contaminated property, as well as companies that generated, disposed of, or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances at a contaminated property, are subject to strict, and under
certain circumstances joint and several liability (that could result in an entity paying more than its fair share), for the costs of investigation and remediation of the contaminated property. Certain of our owned facilities are the subject of
ongoing investigation and/or remediation of contamination in the soil and/ or groundwater and from time to time allegations are made that we arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances at sites that later require investigation and remediation.
We are being indemnified by prior owners and operators of certain of these facilities from costs relating to most of these investigations or remediation activities. Based on currently available information and, in certain matters, the availability
of indemnification, we do not believe the costs associated with these contaminated sites will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that we will not ultimately be
liable for some or all of such costs. Moreover, our present and former facilities have or had been in operation for many years and, over such time, operations at these facilities have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or
may be considered hazardous. In addition, we have disposed of waste products either directly or through third parties at numerous disposal sites and we may be held responsible for clean-up costs at these sites. Therefore, it is possible that
environmental liabilities may arise in the future that we cannot now predict. Employees As of March 31, 2014, we had a team of approximately 14,500 people to serve our customers worldwide. The majority of our employees are loc