: Investing in our securities is highly speculative and involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information set forth in the “ Risk Factors ” section of this prospectus beginning on page 13 before deciding to invest in our securities. Market for Common Stock Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “VIVK”. (1) The number of shares of common stock shown
above to be outstanding after this offering is based on 18,064,838 shares outstanding as of September 9, 2022, and excludes the following: · 14,560
shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of $50,960 of various convertible notes payable that convert at a range between $3.00
and $3.75 per share; · 2,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance
under the new Vivakor Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Vivakor 2021 Plan”), options to purchase 955,093 shares to be
issued to Matthew Nicosia, our Chief Executive Officer, and options to purchase 917,825 shares to be issued to Tyler Nelson, our Chief
Financial Officer, pursuant to their employment agreements, all in the form of stock options that will be issued under the Vivakor 2021
Plan; · Non-statutory
options to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock issued to the Board of Directors (Al Ferrara, Trent Staggs, and Matthew
Balk). · Warrants to purchase 80,000 shares of common stock to EF Hutton, which were related to and granted during the close of the underwritten
    public offering in February 2022. · Any shares
that may be issuable in exchange for convertible notes or LLC units of Viva Wealth Fund I, LLC, Vivaventures Royalty II LLC, and/or Vivaventures
Opportunity Fund pursuant to the respective operating agreements of such entities, as described in this prospectus. 12 RISK FACTORS An investment in our Common Stock is highly
speculative and involves a high degree of risk. We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations or financial results and many
of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. In addition to the other information set forth in this prospectus,
you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed below when considering an investment in our Common Stock. If any of the risks
described below occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
In that case, the market price of our Common Stock would likely decline and investors could lose all or a part of their investment. Only
those investors who can bear the risk of loss of their entire investment should consider an investment in our Common Stock. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business and results of operations. Risks Relating to our Business We are at an early operational stage, and
our success is subject to the substantial risks inherent in the establishment of a new business venture. Our business and operations are in an early stage
and subject to all of the risks inherent with new business ventures. Our RPC business and operations are in an
early stage, and our initial operations focused on the remediation of soil and the extraction of hydrocarbons, such as oil, from
properties contaminated by or laden with heavy crude oil and hydrocarbon-based substances. We intend to, but have not yet, completed
the second stage of our operational strategy related to our RPCs, which involves the selling the asphaltic cement and/or other
petroleum-based products we are able to produce from the hydrocarbons we recover. Our business and operations related to SFD
and WCCC, the gathering, storage and transportation, are also in their early stages. Our business and operations related to our RPCs may not prove to be
successful. We have deployed only two RPC units to date, including one unit to Kuwait (for which operations were temporarily suspended
due to COVID-19) and another to Vernal, Utah (which is presently operating). We will need to scale our remediation business beyond these
two RPCs and demonstrate that our scaled-up recovery and remediation business can be profitable. Any future success that we may enjoy
related to our RPC business will depend on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, and others which cannot be predicted
at this time. Although we began operations in 2008 as a technology acquisition company primarily focused on medical technologies, we have
been operating under our current business plan focused on soil remediation since 2011, and we have not yet proven to be profitable. We
have not yet sold any substantial amount of products or services commercially and have not proven that our business model will allow us
to identify and develop commercially feasible products or technologies.  Likewise, SFD and WCCC have only been in operations for
a few years and subject to similar risks as new business ventures. We have historically suffered net losses,
and we may not be able to sustain profitability. We had an accumulated deficit of $41,237,559 and
$35,731,359 as of June 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and we expect to continue to incur significant development expenses
in the foreseeable future related to the completion of the development and commercialization of our products. As a result, we are incurring
operating and net losses, and it is possible that we may never be able to sustain the revenue levels necessary to achieve and sustain
profitability. If we fail to generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably on a consistent basis, or if we are unable to fund our
continuing losses, you could lose all or part of your investment. We rely upon a few, select key employees
who are instrumental in our ability to conduct and grow our business. In the event any of those key employees would no longer be affiliated
with the Company, it may have a material detrimental impact as to our ability to successfully operate our business. Our future success will depend in large part on
our ability to attract and retain high-quality management, operations, and other personnel who are in high demand, are often subject to
competing employment offers, and are attractive recruiting targets for our competitors. The loss of qualified executives and key employees,
or our inability to attract, retain, and motivate high-quality executives and employees required for the planned expansion of our business,
may harm our operating results and impair our ability to grow. 13 We depend on the continued services of our key
personnel, including Matthew Nicosia, our Chief Executive Officer, Tyler Nelson, our Chief Financial Officer, and Daniel Hashim, our Chief
Scientific Officer. Our work with each of these key personnel are subject to changes and/or termination, and our inability to effectively
retain the services of our key management personnel, could materially and adversely affect our operating results and future prospects. We may have difficulty raising additional
capital, which could deprive us of necessary resources, and you may experience dilution or subordinate stockholder rights, preferences
and privileges as a result of our financing efforts. We expect to continue to devote significant capital
resources to fund the continued development of our RPCs and related technologies. In order to support the initiatives envisioned in our
business plan, we will need to raise additional funds through the sale of public or private debt or equity financing or other arrangements.
Our ability to raise additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control, including the state of capital markets, the market
price of our common stock and the development or prospects for development of competitive technologies by others. Sufficient additional
financing may not be available to us or may be available only on terms that would result in further dilution to the current owners of
our common stock. We expect to obtain additional capital during
2022 through financing lease structures for our RPCs or other financing structures related to our RPCs. We also expect that our current
cash position, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. Thereafter,
unless we can achieve and sustain profitability, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations while
we implement and execute our business plan. Any future equity financing may involve substantial
dilution to our then existing shareholders. Any future debt financing could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising
activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue
business opportunities. There can be no assurance that such additional capital will be available, on a timely basis, or on terms acceptable
to us. If we are unsuccessful in raising additional capital or the terms of raising such capital are unacceptable, then we may have to
modify our business plan and/or curtail our planned activities and other operations. If we raise additional funds through government
or other third-party funding, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements or marketing and distribution arrangements,
we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue stream or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable
to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce
or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products that we would
otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Additionally, we have certain potential dilutive
instruments, of which the conversion of these instruments could result in dilution to shareholders: As of September 9, 2022, the maximum
potentia