Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
    You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties
    described below, together with all of the other information in
    this prospectus, including the consolidated financial statements
    and the related notes appearing at the end of this prospectus,
    before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. If any
    of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial
    condition, results of operations and future prospects would
    likely be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the
    market price of our common stock could decline and you could
    lose all or part of your investment. Risks related to
    our business and industry Our success is
    dependent on the success of our three product candidates in
    clinical development: iloperidone, VEC-162 and VSF-173. If any
    of these product candidates are determined to be unsafe or
    ineffective in humans, whether in clinical trials or
    commercially, our business will be materially
    harmed. Despite the positive results of our recently completed
    Phase III trials, we are uncertain whether any of our
    current product candidates in clinical development will
    ultimately prove to be effective and safe in humans. Frequently,
    product candidates that have shown promising results in clinical
    trials have suffered significant setbacks in later clinical
    trials or even after they are approved for commercial sale.
    Future uses of any of our product candidates, whether in
    clinical trials or commercially, may reveal that the product
    candidate is ineffective, unacceptably toxic, has other
    undesirable side effects or is otherwise not fit for further
    use. If we are unable to discover and develop products that are
    safe and effective, our business will be materially harmed. Any failure or
    delay in completing clinical trials for our product candidates
    could severely harm our business. Pre-clinical studies and clinical trials required to demonstrate
    the safety and efficacy of our product candidates are
    time-consuming and expensive and together take several years to
    complete. The completion of clinical trials for our product
    candidates may be delayed by many factors, including: • our inability to manufacture or obtain from third parties
    materials sufficient for use in pre-clinical studies and
    clinical trials • delays in patient enrollment and variability in the number and
    types of patients available for clinical trials • difficulty in maintaining contact with patients after treatment,
    resulting in incomplete data • poor effectiveness of product candidates during clinical trials • unforeseen safety issues or side effects • governmental or regulatory delays and changes in regulatory
    requirements and guidelines If we fail to complete successfully one or more clinical trials
    for any of our product candidates, we may not receive the
    regulatory approvals needed to market that product candidate.
    Therefore, any failure or delay in commencing or completing
    these clinical trials would harm our business materially. 8 Table of Contents We face heavy
    government regulation, and FDA regulatory approval of our
    products is uncertain. The research, testing, manufacturing and marketing of drug
    products such as those that we are developing are subject to
    extensive regulation by federal, state and local government
    authorities, including the FDA. To obtain regulatory approval of
    a product, we must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the
    applicable regulatory agency that, among other things, the
    product is safe and effective for its intended use. In addition,
    we must show that the manufacturing facilities used to produce
    the products are in compliance with current Good Manufacturing
    Practices regulations, or cGMP. The process of obtaining FDA and other required regulatory
    approvals and clearances will require us to expend substantial
    time and capital. Despite the time and expense expended,
    regulatory approval is never guaranteed. The number of
    pre-clinical and clinical tests that will be required for FDA
    approval varies depending on the drug candidate, the disease or
    condition that the drug candidate is in development for, and the
    regulations applicable to that particular drug candidate. The
    FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of a drug candidate for
    many reasons, including that: • a drug candidate may not be safe or effective • they may interpret data from pre-clinical and clinical testing
    in different ways than we do • they may not approve our manufacturing process • they may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations For example, if certain of our methods for analyzing our trial
    data are not approved by the FDA, we may fail to obtain
    regulatory approval for our product candidates. Moreover, if and when our products do obtain such approval or
    clearances, the marketing, distribution and manufacture of such
    products would remain subject to extensive ongoing regulatory
    requirements. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory
    requirements could result in: • warning letters • fines • civil penalties • injunctions • recall or seizure of products • total or partial suspension of production • refusal of the government to grant approvals • withdrawal of approvals and criminal prosecution Any delay or failure by us to obtain regulatory approvals for
    our product candidates could diminish competitive advantages
    that we may attain and would adversely affect the marketing of
    our products. We have not received regulatory approval to market
    any of our product candidates in any jurisdiction. Even if we do receive regulatory approval for our drug
    candidates, the FDA may impose limitations on the indicated uses
    for which our products may be marketed, subsequently withdraw
    approval or take other actions against us or our products that
    are adverse to our business. The FDA generally approves products
    for particular indications. An approval for a more limited
    indication reduces the size of the potential market for the
    product. Product approvals, once granted, may be withdrawn if
    problems occur after initial marketing. We also are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws,
    regulations and recommendations relating to safe working
    conditions, laboratory and manufacturing practices, the
    environment 9 Table of Contents and the use and disposal of hazardous substances used in
    connection with our discovery, research and development work. In
    addition, we cannot predict the extent of government regulations
    or the impact of new governmental regulations that might
    significantly harm the discovery, development, production and
    marketing of our products. We may be required to incur
    significant costs to comply with current or future laws or
    regulations, and we may be adversely affected by the cost of
    such compliance. We intend to
    seek regulatory approvals for our products in foreign
    jurisdictions, but we may not obtain any such
    approvals. We intend to market our products outside the United States,
    either alone or with a commercial partner. In order to market
    our products in foreign jurisdictions, we may be required to
    obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous
    and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure
    varies among countries and jurisdictions and can involve
    additional testing, and the time required to obtain approval may
    differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. We have no
    experience with obtaining any such foreign approvals.
    Additionally, the foreign regulatory approval process may
    include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval.
    For all of these reasons, we may not obtain foreign regulatory
    approvals on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does
    not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries
    or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign regulatory
    authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in
    other foreign countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. We may
    not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive
    necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market.
    The failure to obtain these approvals could harm our business
    materially. Our product
    candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other
    properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval
    or limit their marketability. Undesirable side effects caused by our product candidates could
    interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in the
    denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory
    authorities for any or all targeted indications, and in turn
    prevent us from commercializing our product candidates and
    generating revenues from their sale. For example, like many
    other drugs in its class, iloperidone is associated with a
    prolongation of the heart’s QTc interval, which is a
    measurement of specific electrical activity in the heart as
    captured on an electrocardiogram, corrected for heart rate. A
    QTc interval that is significantly prolonged may result in an
    abnormal heart rhythm with adverse consequences including
    fainting, dizziness, loss of consciousness and death. No patient
    in the controlled portion of any of iloperidone’s clinical
    trials was observed to have an interval that exceeded a
    500-millisecond threshold of particular concern to the FDA. Two
    patients experienced a prolongation of 500 milliseconds or more
    during the open-label extension of one trial. We will continue
    to assess the side effect prof