. The carrying value of the securities pledged in dollar rolls and repurchase
agreement transactions and the related repurchase obligation are included in Securities pledged and Short-term debt, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we did not have any securities pledged in
dollar rolls and repurchase agreement transactions. We also enter into reverse repurchase agreements. These transactions
involve a purchase of securities and an agreement to sell substantially the same securities as those purchased. We require that, at all times during the term of the reverse repurchase agreements, cash or other collateral types provided is sufficient
to allow the counterparty to fund substantially all of the cost of purchasing the replacement assets. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we did not have any securities pledged under reverse repurchase agreements. The primary risk associated with short-term collateralized borrowings is that the counterparty will be unable to perform under the terms
of the contract. Our exposure is limited to the excess of the net replacement cost of the securities over the value of the short-term investments. We believe the counterparties to the dollar rolls, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements are
financially responsible and that the counterparty risk is minimal. FHLB We are currently a member of the FHLB of Des Moines and the FHLB of Topeka and are required to maintain a collateral deposit to back any
advances, funding agreements issued or LOCs issued by the FHLB. We -124- Table of Contents have the ability to obtain funding from the FHLBs based on a percentage of the value of our assets and are subject to the availability of eligible collateral. The limits across all programs are
15% of the general and separate accounts of ING USA, potentially up to 40% of the general account of SLD based on credit approval from FHLB of Topeka and 20% of the general and separate accounts of RLI. Furthermore, collateral is pledged based on
the outstanding balances of FHLB advances, funding agreements and LOCs. The amount varies based on the type, rating and maturity of the collateral posted to the FHLB. Generally, mortgage securities are pledged to the FHLBs. Market value fluctuations
resulting from changes in interest rates, spreads and other risk factors for each type of assets are monitored and additional collateral is either pledged or released as needed. Our borrowing capacity under these credit facilities does not have an expiration date as long as we maintain a satisfactory level of
creditworthiness based on the FHLBs’ credit assessment. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $1.8 billion and $2.6 billion in non-putable funding agreements, respectively, which are included in Contract owner account balances on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had $265.0 million, respectively, of LOCs issued by the FHLB. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had assets with a market value of approximately $2.0 billion and $3.1 billion,
respectively, which collateralized the FHLB funding agreements. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, we had assets with a market value of approximately $294.1 million and $336.5 million, respectively, which collateralized the FHLB LOCs. Assets
pledged to the FHLB are included in Fixed maturities, available-for-sale, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources-Description of Certain Indebtedness” above for further discussion. Borrowings from Parent For information related to these arrangements, see “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” and “Note 18. Related Party Transactions.” Borrowings from Subsidiaries We maintain revolving reciprocal loan agreements with a number of our life and non-life insurance subsidiaries that are used to fund short-term cash requirements that arise in the ordinary course of
business. Under these agreements, either party may borrow up to the maximum allowable under the agreement for a term not more than 270 days. For life insurance subsidiaries, the amounts that either party may borrow from the other under the agreement
vary and are equal to 2%-5% of the insurance subsidiary’s statutory net admitted assets (excluding separate accounts) as of the previous year end depending on the state of domicile. As of December 31, 2013, the aggregate amount that may be
borrowed or lent under agreements with life insurance subsidiaries was $2.5 billion. Each agreement with a life insurance subsidiary has received all necessary approvals from the appropriate state insurance regulatory authorities. For non-life
insurance subsidiaries, the maximum allowable under the agreement is based on the assets of the subsidiaries and their particular cash requirements. As of December 31, 2013, no amounts were borrowed from subsidiaries. As of that same date, we
lent $211.3 million to subsidiaries. Collateral—Derivative Contracts Under the terms of our OTC Derivative ISDA agreements, we may receive from, or deliver to, counterparties collateral to assure that all
terms of the ISDA agreements will be met with regard to the Credit Support Annex (“CSA”). The terms of the CSA call for us to pay interest on any cash received equal to the Federal Funds rate. To the extent cash collateral is received and
delivered, it is included in Payables under securities loan agreements, including collateral held and Short-term investments under securities loan agreements, including collateral delivered, respectively, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is
reinvested in short-term investments. Collateral held is used in accordance with the CSA to satisfy any obligations. Investment grade bonds owned by us are the source of noncash collateral posted, which is reported in Securities pledged on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2013, we held $214.7 million and $18.8 million of net cash collateral related to OTC derivative contracts and cleared derivative contracts, respectively. As of December 31, 2012, we held
$890.3 million of net cash collateral related to OTC derivative contracts. In addition, as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, we delivered securities as collateral of $1.0 billion. -125- Table of Contents Ratings Our access to funding and our related cost of borrowing, requirements for derivatives collateral posting and the attractiveness of certain of our products to customers are affected by our credit ratings
and insurance financial strength ratings, which are periodically reviewed by the rating agencies. Financial strength ratings and credit ratings are important factors affecting public confidence in an insurer and its competitive position in marketing
products. The credit ratings are also important for the ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt and for the cost of such financing. A downgrade in our credit ratings or the credit or financial strength ratings of our rated subsidiaries could potentially, among other things, limit our ability to market products, reduce our
competitiveness, increase the number or value of policy surrenders and withdrawals, increase our borrowing costs and potentially make it more difficult to borrow funds, adversely affect the availability of financial guarantees or LOCs, cause
additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, allow counterparties to terminate derivative agreements and/or hurt our relationships with creditors, distributors or trading counterparties thereby potentially
negatively affecting our profitability, liquidity and/or capital. In addition, we consider nonperformance risk in determining the fair value of our liabilities. Therefore, changes in our credit or financial strength ratings may affect the fair value
of our liabilities. Additionally, ratings of certain of our securities guaranteed by our majority shareholder, ING Group,
could be influenced by ING Group’s ratings. A downgrade of the credit ratings of ING Group could result in downgrades of these securities. Financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the financial ability of an insurance company to meet its obligations under an insurance policy. Credit ratings represent the
opinions of rating agencies regarding an entity’s ability to repay its indebtedness. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy or hold any of our securities and they may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the rating
organization. -126- Table of Contents The financial strength and credit ratings of ING U.S., Inc. and its principal subsidiaries
as of the date of this prospectus are summarized in the following table. In parentheses, following the initial occurrence in the table of each rating, is an indication of that rating’s relative rank within the agency’s rating categories.
That ranking refers only to the generic or major rating category and not to the modifiers appended to the rating by the rating agencies to denote relative position within such generic or major category. For each rating, the relative position of the
rating within the relevant rating agency’s ratings scale is presented, with “1” representing the highest rating in the scale. Company A.M. Best (“A.M. Best”) Fitch, Inc. (“Fitch”) Moody’s Investors Service,
Inc. (“Moody’s”) Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) ING U.S., Inc. (Long-term Issuer Credit) bbb (4 of 10) BBB (4 of 11) Baa3 (LT Issuer Domestic) (4 of 9) Baa2 (Senior Unsecured Foreign) (4 of 9) BBB-(4 of 11) ING U.S., Inc. (Senior Unsecured Debt) (1) bbb (4 of 10) BBB-(4 of 9) Baa3 (4 of 9) BBB- (4 of 9) ING U.S., Inc. (Junior Subordinated Debt) (2) bb+ (5 of 10) BB (5 of 9) Ba1(hyb) (5 of 9) BB (5 of 9) ING Life Insurance and Annuity Company Financial Strength Rating A (3 of 16) A- (3 of 9) A3 (3 of 9) A- (3 of 9) ING USA Annuity & Life Insurance Financial Strength Rating A (3 of 16) A- (3 of 9) A3 (3 of 9) A- (3 of 9) Short-term Issuer Credit Rati