Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before making your decision to invest in shares of our Class A common stock, you should carefully consider and read carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes and the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this prospectus. We cannot assure you that any of the events discussed below will not occur. If any of the risks discussed in this prospectus were to occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, reputation and prospects and our ability to service our debt could be materially and adversely affected (which we refer to collectively as “materially and adversely affecting us” or having “a material adverse effect on us” and comparable phrases), the market price of our Class A common stock could decline significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not believed by us to be material may also negatively impact us. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may not be able to generate, sustain and manage our growth due to a variety of external factors. We have a limited operating history in an evolving industry, which makes it difficult to forecast our revenue, plan our expenses, and evaluate our business and future prospects. Our ability to generate and sustain revenue growth may be impacted by a variety of external factors. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, our revenue was $144.2 and $136.1 million, respectively. During the three months ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, our revenue was $34.5 and $30.2 million, respectively. We have a limited operating history in a rapidly evolving industry, and while our business has grown rapidly, and much of that growth has occurred in recent periods through acquisitions, the space industry may not continue to develop in a manner that we expect or that otherwise would be favorable to our business. As a result, our ability to forecast our future results of operations and future growth is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties. If our operations continue to grow as planned, we will need to expand our sales and marketing, research and development, customer and commercial strategy, products and services, supply, and manufacturing and distribution functions. We will also need to continue to leverage our operational systems and processes and there is no guarantee that we will be able to continue to grow as planned or scale the business and the manufacture of products as currently planned or within the planned timeframe. The continued expansion of our business may also require additional manufacturing and operational facilities, as well as space for administrative support, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to find suitable locations or partners for the manufacture and operation of our products and systems. Our continued growth could increase the strain on our resources and we could experience operating difficulties, including difficulties in hiring, training and managing an increasing number of employees, finding manufacturing capacity to produce our equipment and delays in production. These difficulties may result in the erosion of our brand image, divert the attention of management and key employees and impact financial and operational results. In addition, in order to continue to expand our operations in space, we expect to incur substantial expenses as we continue to attempt to streamline our manufacturing process, hire more employees and continue research and development efforts relating to new products and technologies and expand internationally. If we are unable to drive commensurate growth, these costs, which include lease commitments, headcount and capital assets, could result in decreased margins, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly evolving industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described in this prospectus. Accordingly, we may be unable to prepare accurate internal financial forecasts or correctly anticipated revenue, and our results of operations in future reporting periods may be below the expectations of investors or analysts. If we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our estimates and forecasts or the expectations of investors or analysts, causing our business to suffer and our Class A common stock price to decline. 39 Our success and revenue growth depend on several factors, many of which are out of our control. We believe our success and revenue growth depends on several factors, many of which are out of our control, including, but not limited to, our ability to: • negotiate and execute contracts with private and public sector partners; • identify and complete acquisitions and integrate acquired companies; • successfully build, test, and launch Starlab within the anticipated timeframe; • scale our revenue and achieve the operating efficiencies necessary to achieve and maintain profitability; • anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences; • anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes generally, including changes in the markets for items related to our services and products such as launch services, mission services, satellites, and satellite components; • improve and expand our operations and information systems; • successfully compete against established companies and new market entrants; • manage and improve our business processes in response to changing business needs; • effectively scale our operations while maintaining high customer satisfaction; • hire and retain talented employees at all levels of our business; • avoid or manage interruptions in our business from information technology downtime, cybersecurity breaches, and other factors affecting our physical and digital infrastructure; • comply with regulations applicable to our business. If we are unable to accomplish any of these tasks, our revenue growth will be harmed. We also expect our operating expenses to increase in future periods, and if our revenue growth does not increase to offset these anticipated increases in our operating expenses, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. Our future revenue and operating results are dependent on our ability to generate a sustainable order rate for our products and services and develop new technologies to meet the needs of our customers or potential new customers. Our financial performance is dependent on our ability to generate sustainable demand for our products and services. This can be challenging and may fluctuate on an annual basis as the number of contracts awarded varies. In addition, our customers’ requirements change and evolve rapidly. If we are unable to win new awards or execute existing contracts as expected, our business, results of operations and financial position could be further adversely affected. Our products and services embody complex technology and may not always be compatible with current and evolving technical standards and systems developed by others. Failure or delays to meet the requisite and evolving industry or user standards could have a material adverse effect on us. For example, artificial intelligence technologies have rapidly developed and our business may be adversely affected if we cannot successfully integrate the technology into our internal business processes and product and service offerings in a timely, cost-effective, compliant and responsible manner. In addition, our competitors may develop technology that better meets the needs of our potential customers. Moreover, if we were to use artificial intelligence and the content, analyses, or recommendations that artificial intelligence applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. The 40 rapid evolution of artificial intelligence, including potential government regulation of artificial intelligence, will require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our platform, offerings, services, and features to help us implement artificial intelligence ethically to minimize unintended, harmful impact. To advance our innovation and position us to meet our customers’ requirements, we invest in emerging technologies that we believe are needed to keep pace with rapid industry innovation and we collaborate with commercial entities that we believe have complementary technologies to ours. We may not be successful in identifying or developing emerging technologies and may spend significant resources on projects that ultimately are unsuccessful or yield a lower return on the amount invested than anticipated. Our development contracts may be difficult for us to comply with and may expose us to third-party claims for damages, and we may experience losses from fixed-price contracts. We are party to government and commercial contracts involving the development of new products. We derived approximately 14.6% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024 and approximately 17.5% of our total revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2025 from such development contracts. These contracts typically contain strict performance obligations and project milestones. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with these performance obligations or meet these project milestones in the future. If we are unable to comply with these performance obligations or meet these mileston