See “Risk Factors” and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock. Nasdaq Global Select Market symbol “VRA” 1 The number of shares outstanding does not include (i) 161,110 shares of common stock subject to currently outstanding restricted stock units, and (ii) 5,914,891 shares
of common stock reserved for future issuance under our 2010 Equity and Incentive Plan (the “2010 Plan”). 7 Table of Contents R ISK F ACTORS You should carefully consider each of the risk factors set forth below and all of the other information in this prospectus before deciding to
invest in our common stock. If any of the events described below occur, then our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In such an event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or
part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Changes in general economic conditions, and their impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, could adversely impact our results of operations. Our performance is subject to general economic conditions and their impact on levels of consumer confidence and consumer spending. In recent years,
consumer confidence and consumer spending deteriorated significantly, influenced by fluctuating interest rates and credit availability, changing fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, higher levels of unemployment and consumer
debt levels, reductions in net worth based on market declines, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including our
merchandise, generally decline during periods when disposable income is adversely affected or there is economic uncertainty, and this could adversely impact our results of operations. In the event of another significant economic downturn, we could
experience lower than expected net revenues, which could force us to delay or slow the implementation of our growth strategies and adversely impact our results of operations. Our inability to predict and respond in a timely manner to changes in consumer demand could adversely affect our net revenues and results of operations. Our success depends on our ability to gauge the fashion tastes of our customers and to provide merchandise that satisfies consumer demand in a
timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to develop appealing patterns and
styles or meet changing consumer demands in the future. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. Merchandise misjudgments could
adversely impact our net revenues and results of operations. Our results of operations could suffer if we lose key management or design
associates or are unable to attract and retain the talent required for our business. Our performance depends largely on the
efforts and abilities of our senior management and product development teams. These executives and design associates have substantial experience in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. We do not have
employment agreements with any of our key executives or design associates, and we do not maintain a key person life insurance policy on most of our key executives. The unexpected loss of services of certain of these individuals could have adverse
impacts on our business and results of operations. As our business grows and we open new stores, we will need to attract and retain additional qualified employees and develop, train, and manage an increasing number of management-level, sales, and
other employees. Competition for qualified employees is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain employees as needed in the future. Our business depends on a strong brand. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand, then we may be unable to sell our products, which would adversely impact our results of operations. We believe that the brand image that we have developed has contributed significantly to the success of our business. We also
believe that maintaining and enhancing the Vera Bradley brand is critical to maintaining and expanding our customer base. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments in areas such as product design, store
operations, and community relations. These investments might not succeed. If we are unable to maintain or enhance our brand image, our results of operations would be adversely impacted. 8 Table of Contents If we are unable to successfully implement our growth strategies or manage our growing business, our future
operating results could suffer. The success of our growth strategies, alone or collectively, will depend on various factors,
including the appeal of our product designs, retail presentation to consumers, competitive conditions, and economic conditions. If we are unsuccessful in implementing some or all of our strategies or initiatives, our future operating results could
be adversely impacted. Successful implementation of our strategies will require us to manage our growth. To manage our growth
effectively, we will need to continue to increase production while maintaining strict quality control. We also will need to continue to improve and invest in our systems and processes to keep pace with planned increases in demand. We could suffer a
decline in sales if our products do not continue to meet our quality control standards or if we are unable to respond adequately to increases in customer demand for our products. We may not be able to successfully open and operate new stores as planned, which could adversely impact our results of operations. Our continued growth will depend on our ability to successfully open and operate new stores. We plan to open 14 to 16 new stores over the course of
fiscal 2012 and 14 to 20 new stores during each of the following five fiscal years. Our ability to successfully open and operate new stores depends on many factors, including our ability to: ¡ identify suitable store locations, the availability of which is outside our control; ¡ negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; ¡ hire, train and retain store personnel and management; ¡ assimilate new store personnel and management into our corporate culture; ¡ source and manufacture inventory; and ¡ successfully integrate new stores into our existing operations and information technology systems. The success of new store openings may also be affected by our ability to initiate marketing efforts in advance of opening our first store in a
particular region. Additionally, we will encounter pre-operating costs and we may encounter initial losses while new stores commence operations, which could strain our resources and adversely impact our results of operations. Our inability to sustain levels of comparable-store sales could cause our stock price to decline. We may not be able to sustain the levels of comparable-store sales that we have experienced in the recent past. If our future comparable-store
sales decline or fail to meet market expectations, then the price of our common stock could decline. Also, the aggregate results of operations of our stores have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future. Numerous factors influence
comparable-store sales, including fashion trends, competition, national and regional economic conditions, pricing, inflation, the timing of the release of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our merchandise mix, inventory shrinkage,
marketing programs, and weather conditions. In addition, many companies with retail operations have been unable to sustain high levels of comparable-store sales during and after periods of substantial expansion. These factors may cause our
comparable-store sales results to be lower in the future than in recent periods or lower than expectations, either of which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. 9 Table of Contents We are subject to risks associated with leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in
occupancy costs. We do not own any real estate other than our warehouse and distribution facility. We lease our corporate
headquarters, our other offices, and all of our store locations. We typically occupy our stores under operating leases with terms of ten years. We have been able to negotiate favorable rental rates in recent years due in part to the state of the
economy and high vacancy rates within some shopping centers, but there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to negotiate such favorable terms. Some of our leases have early cancellation clauses, which permit the lease to be terminated by
us or the landlord if certain sales levels are not met in specific periods or if the shopping center does not meet specified occupancy standards. In addition to requiring future minimum lease payments, some of our store leases provide for the
payment of common area maintenance charges, real property insurance, and real estate taxes. Many of our lease agreements have escalating rent provisions over the initial term and any extensions. As we expand our store base, our lease expense and our
cash outlays for rent under lease agreements will increase. Our substantial operating lease obligations could have significant negative consequences, including: ¡ requiring that a substantial portion of our available cash be applied to pay our rental obligations, thus reducing cash available for other purposes; ¡ increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic an