” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview We provide an innovative software platform that allows enterprises to map, analyze, manage and migrate their
unstructured data. We specialize in human-generated data, a type of unstructured data that includes an enterprise’s word processing documents, spreadsheets, presentations, audio files, video files, emails, text messages and any other data
created by employees. This data contains an enterprise’s financial information, product plans, strategic initiatives, intellectual property and other forms of vital information. Our proprietary Metadata Framework technology enables enterprises
to gain actionable insights from their human-generated data by intelligently extracting critical metadata, or data about data, from an organization’s IT infrastructure and constructing a map of functional relationships among employees, data
objects, content and usage through this contextual information. We have been a pioneer in developing a software platform that allows enterprises to realize the value of their human-generated data in ways that are not resource-intensive and are easy to implement. The
revolution in internet search occurred when search engines began to mine internet metadata, such as the links between pages, in addition to page content, thereby making the internet’s content more usable and subsequently valuable. Similarly,
our Metadata Framework creates advanced searchable data structures and provides real-time intelligence about an enterprise’s massive volumes of human-generated content, making human-generated data more valuable to the organization. IT and
business personnel deploy our software for a variety of use cases, including data governance, data security, archiving, file synchronization, enhanced mobile data accessibility and information collaboration. We started operations in 2005 with a vision to make
enterprise human-generated data more accessible, manageable, secure and actionable. We began offering our flagship product, DatAdvantage, which provides centralized visibility for all of an enterprise’s human-generated data, in 2006. Since then
we have continued to invest in innovation and have consistently introduced new products to our customers, including DataPrivilege, which was introduced in 2006, as our self-service web portal for business users. In 2009, we introduced the IDU
Classification Framework for sensitive data classification. We further enhanced our DatAdvantage offering by releasing DatAdvantage for Exchange governance in 2010 which enabled our customers to exercise control over the information being
transferred through corporate e-mails. In 2011, we introduced DatAdvantage for Directory Services for increased visibility into Active Directory. More recently in 2012, we released the Data Transport Engine for intelligent data migration and
archiving and DatAnywhere for secure hybrid cloud collaboration. At the core of our technology is our ability to intelligently extract and analyze metadata from an enterprise’s vast, distributed data stores. The broad applicability of our technology has resulted
in our customers deploying our platform for numerous use cases for both IT and business personnel. We currently have five products, and as of September 30, 2013, approximately 38% of our customers had purchased two or more products, one of which was
DatAdvantage for almost all of these customers. We believe our existing customer base serves as a strong source of incremental revenues given the broad platform of products we have and the growing volumes and complexity of human-generated data our
customers have. Our maintenance renewal rate for each of the years ended December 31, 2010, December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2012 was over 90%. Our key strategies to maintain our renewal rate include focusing on the quality and reliability of our
customer service and support to ensure our customers receive value from our products, providing consistent software upgrades and having more dedicated renewal sales personnel. 42 Table of Contents We sell the vast majority of our products and services to channel partners, including
distributors and resellers, which sell to end-user customers, which we refer to in this prospectus as our customers. We believe that our sales model, which combines the leverage of a channel sales model with our highly trained and professional sales
force, has and will continue to play a major role in our ability to grow and to successfully deliver our unique value proposition for enterprise human-generated data. We target customers of all sizes, in all industries and all geographies. As of
September 30, 2013, we had over 2,100 customers, spanning leading firms in the financial services, public, consumer and retail, technology, healthcare, media and entertainment, energy and utilities, education and industrial sectors. We believe our
customer count is a key indicator of our market penetration and the value that our products bring to our customer base. We also believe our existing customers represent significant future revenue opportunities for us. The average spending per
customer for each of the years 2010, 2011 and 2012 was between $55,000 and $65,000. We believe there is a significant growth opportunity in both domestic and foreign markets, which could include any organization that uses file shares, intranets and email for collaboration, regardless of
region. Revenues from the United States accounted for approximately 60% of our revenues in 2012, while Europe, the Middle East and Africa accounted for approximately one-third of our revenues. While we expect sales in the United States to continue
to account for a majority of revenues in the near- and medium- term, we expect sales in Asia-Pacific and Latin America to account for a larger proportion of revenues in the long-term. We expect both continued sales growth in the United States and
international expansion to be key components of our growth strategy, and we will continue to market our products and services aggressively in international markets. We plan to continue to expand our international operations as part of our growth
strategy. In particular, we expect to expand our operations in Latin America and Asia. The expansion of our international operations depends in particular on our ability to hire, integrate and retain local sales and marketing personnel in these
international markets, acquire new channel partners and implement an effective marketing strategy. In addition, the further expansion of our international operations will increase our sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses, and
will subject us to a variety of risks and challenges, including those related to economic and political conditions in each region, compliance with foreign laws and regulations, and compliance with domestic laws and regulations applicable to our
international operations. We derive revenues from
license sales of our various products, various services, including initial maintenance contracts and professional services, and renewals. Substantially all of our license sales are derived from a platform of products, consisting of DatAdvantage,
DataPrivilege, IDU Classification Framework and Data Transport Engine. Licenses sales accounted for 59.2% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012 and 54.4% of our total revenues for the nine months ended September 30,
2013. We expect maintenance and services revenues to continue to comprise a larger portion of our total revenues as our installed customer base grows. Our business model is characterized by strong revenue growth, growing repeat business and high gross margin. We have achieved significant
growth and scale in the relatively short period of time since we started operations in 2005. For 2010, 2011 and 2012, our revenues were $28.9 million, $39.8 million and $53.4 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 38% and 34%
in 2011 and 2012, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2013, we had revenues of $34.9 million and $48.9 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth of 40%. In 2010, 2011 and 2012, we had operating losses
of $1.2 million, $3.4 million and $1.6 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2013, we had operating losses of $3.9 million and $7.4 million, respectively. In 2010, 2011 and 2012, we had net losses of $2.8
million, $3.8 million and $4.8 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2013, we had net losses of $7.0 million and $9.0 million, respectively. Our revenues have historically been mainly attributable to
sales to new customers, and we expect to depend in the future on sales to new customers for much of the growth in our revenues. If we are unable to maintain our historical level of sales to new customers, this may adversely affect our results of
operations and liquidity. In particular, if viable competitors enter the markets in which we operate, future products from these competitors 43 Table of Contents may impact our ability to acquire new customers. In addition, if we are unable to deliver products that keep up with expected data growth and technological requirements, this will also impact our
ability to acquire new customers. Components of Operating
Results Revenues Our revenues consist of licenses and maintenance and
services revenues. Licenses Revenues. License revenues reflect the revenues recognized from sales of software licenses to new customers and additional licenses to existing customers. Substantially all of our license revenues consist of revenues from perpetual licenses,
under which we generally recognize the license fee portion of the arrangement upon delivery, assuming all revenue recognition criteria are satisfied. Customers may also purchase term license agreements, under which we recognize the license fee
ratably, on a straight-line basis, over the term of the underlyi