This investment involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of factors you should consider carefully before making an investment decision. Nasdaq Capital Market symbol “VTVT.” • 4 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and discussed under the section captioned “Risk Factors” contained in our 2019 Annual Report, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, as well as any amendment or update to our risk factors reflected in subsequent filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and all other information contained in this prospectus and incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and in any prospectus supplement, before purchasing shares of our Class A common stock. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently deem immaterial, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of such risks or the risks described below or in our SEC filings occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose some or all of your investment. The widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We could be negatively affected by the widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis that results in economic and trade disruptions, including the disruption of global supply chains. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets.  Due to the spread of COVID-19, many countries around the world and jurisdictions in the United States have imposed quarantines and restrictions on travel and mass gatherings to slow the spread of the virus.  Further, “non-essential” businesses have been required to close operations or shift to a remote working environment. Due to the various restrictions put into effect by governments around the world, including the United States and Canada, health professionals may reduce staffing and reduce or postpone meetings with clients in response to the spread of an infectious disease. Such events may result in a period of business disruption, and in reduced operations, any of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Quarantines, stay-at-home orders and other limitations can disrupt our research and administrative functions, regardless of whether we are actually forced to close our own facilities.   Similar disruptions may also affect other organizations and persons that we collaborate with or whose services we are dependent on.  The need for our employees and business partners to work remotely also creates greater potential for risks related to cybersecurity, confidentiality and data privacy. With respect to the COVID-19 outbreak specifically, such outbreak could also potentially affect the operations of the FDA, EMA or other health authorities, which could result in delays in meetings related to planned clinical trials.  Further, it may also slow potential enrollment of our ongoing clinical trials. The COVID-19 outbreak and mitigation measures also have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on global economic conditions which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition, including impairing our ability to raise capital when needed. Although, as of the date of this prospectus supplement, we do not expect any material impact on our long-term activity, the extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business and operations will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of the virus and the actions to contain its impact.  As a result, there can be no assurance as to the manner and extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak (or other large-scale disruption) could impact our operations, results and financial condition. The recent outbreak of COVID-19 may materially and adversely affect our clinical trials, the operations of our licensees and our financial results. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our clinical trials will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the outbreak, the severity of COVID-19, or the effectiveness of actions to contain and treat for COVID-19. The continued spread of COVID-19 globally could adversely impact our clinical trial operations in the United States and Canada, including our ability to 5 retain patients in our ongoing Elevage trial.  COVID-19 may also affect the employees and operations of third-party contract research organizations located in affected geographies that we rely upon to carry out such enrollments and trials.  Further, it may delay the initiation of any additional clinical trials we are planning for which we require additional approval or are seeking guidance from the FDA or other regulatory agencies.  The negative impacts of COVID-19 in these instances may result in delay s to our operational plans, increases in our operating expenses, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Additionally, COVID-19 may hinder the ability of our license partners to continue the development of our licensed product candidates.  This may result in the delay or the inability of the partners to execute on their development plans which, in turn, may cause delays in or the inability to achieve the clinical, regulatory and sales milestones which trigger payments to us under the terms of our license agreements.  This may have a material adverse effect on our financial results and operations as the related milestone payments may not be received at the expected time, if at all. Risks Related to This Offering The sale or issuance of our Class A common stock to Lincoln Park may cause dilution and the sale of the shares of Class A common stock acquired by Lincoln Park, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our Class A common stock to fall. On November 24, 2020, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which Lincoln Park has committed to purchase up to $47,000,000 of shares of our Class A common stock. The 5,331,306 shares of our Class A common stock being registered for resale hereunder that may be issued under the Purchase Agreement may be sold by us to Lincoln Park at our discretion from time to time commencing after the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, including that the SEC has declared effective the registration statement that includes this prospectus. The purchase price for the shares that we may sell to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement will fluctuate based on the price of our Class A common stock. Depending on market liquidity at the time, sales of such shares may cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to fall. We generally have the right to control the timing and amount of any future sales of our shares to Lincoln Park. Sales of our Class A common stock, if any, to Lincoln Park will depend upon market conditions and other factors to be determined by us. We may ultimately decide to sell to Lincoln Park all, some or none of the additional shares of our Class A common stock that may be available for us to sell pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. Therefore, sales to Lincoln Park by us could result in substantial dilution to the interests of other holders of our Class A common stock. Additionally, the sale of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock to Lincoln Park, or the anticipation of such sales, could make it more difficult for us to sell equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and at a price that we might otherwise wish to effect sales. If and when we do sell shares to Lincoln Park, after Lincoln Park has acquired the shares, Lincoln Park may resell all, some or none of those shares at any time or from time to time in its discretion. We may not be able to access the full amounts available under the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement, which could prevent us from accessing the capital we need to continue our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We intend to rely on the Purchase Agreement that we entered into with Lincoln Park on November 24, 2020 for our near-term capital needs. We may direct Lincoln Park to purchase up to $47.0 million of shares of our common stock over a 36-month period, commencing upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, including that the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC. Thereafter, on any trading day selected by us, we may sell shares of common stock to Lincoln Park in an amount of up to 250,000 shares per sale up to the aggregate commitment of $47.0 million. If the market price of our common stock is not below $4.00 per share on the purchase date, then the purchase amount may be increased to 275,000 shares. If the market price is not below $5.00 per share on the purchase date, then the purchase amount may be increased to 300,000 shares. Although there are no upper limits on the per share price Lincoln Park may pay to purchase our common stock, we may not sell more than $2.0 million in shares of Class A common stock to Lincoln Park per any individual Regular Purchase. The purchase price of Regular Purchases will be based on the prevailing market prices of shares of o