- The misuse or off-label use of The Vivos Method may harm our reputation in
the marketplace, result in injuries that lead to product liability suits or result in costly investigations, fines or sanctions by regulatory
bodies if we are deemed to have engaged in the promotion of these uses, any of which could be costly to our business.” The
FDA has broad regulatory compliance and enforcement powers. If the FDA determines that we failed to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements, it can take a variety of compliance or enforcement actions, which may result in any of the following sanctions: ● warning
    letters, untitled letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; ● recalls,
    withdrawals, or administrative detention or seizure of our products; ● operating
    restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; ● refusing
    or delaying requests for 510(k) marketing clearance or PMA approvals of new products or modified products; ● withdrawing
    510(k) clearances or PMAs that have already been granted; ● refusal
    to grant export or import approvals for our products; or ● criminal
    prosecution. In
addition to all of the above, the FDA regulates and monitors manufacturers engaged in the fabrication of FDA regulated medical devices
such as those offered by Vivos. Vivos intends to convert its FDA status from an FDA designated “Spec Developer” to a “Manufacturer,”
and as such will become subject to a new level of regulatory compliance and oversight. The company has spent many months in preparation
for this transition, including the adoption of the requisite workflow processes, documentation procedures, and other current good manufacturing
practices. The company expects to be subject to a third-party inspection and readiness evaluation to gain a certification to proceed
forward as a duly approved and compliant manufacturer sometime prior to the end of the first quarter of 2024. Regulation
of Medical Devices in Canada Canada
regulates the import and sale of medical devices through Health Canada (or HC). HC reviews medical devices to assess their safety, effectiveness,
and quality before being authorized for sale in Canada. HC classifies medical devices into four classifications, with Class I being the
lowest risk and Class IV being the highest. Class I and II devices are often cleared for sale after they are CE marked or listed on the
company’s ISO certification and filed via fax-back applications for a Medical Device License (MDL). Obtaining an MDL is comparable
to the FDA 510(k) process. Higher classification risk devices (Class III and IV) require filing dossiers that resemble FDA 510(k) applications.
These applications can range in cost and typically take longer for approval. Regulation
of Medical Devices in Australia Australia
regulates the import and sale of medical devices through the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) of Australia, a Tier 1 regulatory
body. Registering a medical device with the TGA entails risk-based classification; compliance with quality, safety and performance principles;
compliance with regulatory controls for manufacturing processes; listing in the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods; and post-market
vigilance programs. Australia follows the standards applied by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) which is currently
made up of 165 members/countries. Equivalent to the FDA in the United States, the TGA regulates the manufacturing and distribution of
therapeutic goods in Australia. 34 Federal,
State and Foreign Fraud and Abuse and Physician Payment Transparency Laws In
addition to FDA restrictions on marketing and promotion of drugs and devices, other federal and state laws restrict our business practices.
These laws include, without limitation, foreign, federal, and state anti-kickback and false claims laws, as well as transparency laws
regarding payments or other items of value provided to healthcare providers. The
federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration
(including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind to induce or in return for
purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service reimbursable,
in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term “remuneration” has been broadly
interpreted to include anything of value, including stock, stock options, and the compensation derived through ownership interests. Recognizing
that the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is broad and may prohibit many innocuous or beneficial arrangements within the healthcare industry,
the United State Department of Health and Human Services (“DHHS”) issued regulations in July 1991, which DHHS has referred
to as “safe harbors.” These safe harbor regulations set forth certain provisions which, if met in form and substance, will
assure medical device manufacturers, healthcare providers and other parties that they will not be prosecuted under the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute. Additional safe harbor provisions providing similar protections have been published intermittently since 1991. Although there
are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, the exceptions and
safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Our arrangements with physicians, hospitals and other persons or entities who are in a position to refer
may not fully meet the stringent criteria specified in the various safe harbors. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged
to be intended to induce prescribing, purchases or recommendations may be subject to scrutiny if they do not fall within an exception
or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does
not make the conduct per se illegal under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be
evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the
statute’s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement involving remuneration is to induce referrals of
federal healthcare covered business, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been violated. In addition, a person or entity does not need
to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Moreover, a claim including
items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes
of the federal civil False Claims Act (described below). Violations
of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may result in civil monetary penalties up to $100,000 for each violation, plus up to three times
the remuneration involved. Civil penalties for such conduct can further be assessed under the federal False Claims Act. Violations can
also result in criminal penalties, including criminal fines of up to $100,000 and imprisonment of up to 10 years. Similarly, violations
can result in exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Liability under the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute may also arise because of the intentions or actions of the parties with whom we do business. While we are not aware
of any such intentions or actions, we have only limited knowledge regarding the intentions or actions underlying those arrangements.
Conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy one of these safe harbor provisions may result in increased scrutiny by government
enforcement authorities. The majority of states also have anti-kickback laws which establish similar prohibitions and, in some cases,
may apply more broadly to items or services covered by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers and self-pay patients. The
federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented,
a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval to the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used
a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. A claim includes “any request or
demand” for money or property presented to the U.S. government. The federal civil False Claims Act also applies to false submissions
that cause the government to be paid less than the amount to which it is entitled, such as a rebate. Intent to deceive is not required
to establish liability under the civil federal civil False Claims Act. 35 In
addition, private parties may initiate “qui tam” whistleblower lawsuits against any person or entity under the federal civil
False Claims Act in the name of the government and share in the proceeds of the lawsuit. Penalties for federal civil False Claim Act
violations include fines for each false claim, plus up to three times the amount of damages sustained by the federal government and,
most critically, may provide the basis for exclusion from government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. On May 20,
2009, the Fraud Enforcement Recovery Act of 2009, or FERA, was enacted, which modifies and clarifies certain provisions of the federal
civil False Claims Act. In part, the FERA amends the federal civil False Claims Act such that penalties may now apply to any person,
including an organization that does not contract directly with the government, who knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used,
a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim paid in part by the federal government. The government may further
prosecute conduct constituting a false claim under the federal crimina