” beginning on page 13. 29 HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE STOCK
OFFERING Although we cannot determine what the actual net
proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock in the stock offering will be until the stock offering is completed, we anticipate
that the net proceeds will be between $17.0 million and $23.6 million, or $27.4 million if the offering range is increased by 15%. We intend to distribute the net proceeds as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of: 1,850,000 Shares 2,180,000 Shares 2,510,000 Shares 2,889,500 Shares (1) Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars in thousands) Offering proceeds $ 18,500 $ 21,800 $ 25,100 $ 28,895 Less: offering expenses (1,500 ) (1,500 ) (1,500 ) (1,500 ) Net offering proceeds (2) $ 17,000 100.0 % $ 20,300 100.0 % $ 23,600 100.0 % $ 27,395 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: To Van Wert Federal $ (8,500 ) 50.0 % $ (10,150 ) 50.0 % $ (11,800 ) 50.0 % $ (13,698 ) 50.0 % To fund cash contribution to charitable foundation plan (100 ) 0.59 % (100 ) 0.49 % (100 ) 0.42 % (100 ) 0.36 % To fund loan to employee stock ownership plan $ (1,496 ) 8.80 % $ (1,760 ) 8.67 % $ (2,024 ) 8.58 % $ (2,328 ) 8.50 % Retained by VWF Bancorp $ 6,904 40.61 % $ 8,290 40.84 % $ 9,676 41.00 % $ 11,269 41.14 % (1) As adjusted to give effect to an increase in the number of shares, which could occur due to a 15% increase in the offering range to
reflect demand for the shares or changes in market conditions following the commencement of the stock offering. (2) Assumes that all shares of common stock are sold in the subscription offering and any community offering. Payments for shares of common stock made through
withdrawals from deposit accounts at Van Wert Federal will not result in the receipt of new funds for investment but will reduce Van Wert
Federal’s deposits. The net proceeds may vary because total offering expenses may be more or less than our estimates. For example,
our expenses would increase if there were a syndicated community offering to sell shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription
offering and any community offering. VWF Bancorp intends to loan funds to the employee
stock ownership plan to purchase shares of common stock in the stock offering. It may also use the proceeds it retains from the stock
offering: · to invest in securities consistent with our investment policy; · to repurchase shares of our common stock, in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements; · to pay cash dividends to stockholders; and · for other general corporate purposes. Except for the loan to the employee stock ownership
plan, VWF Bancorp has not quantified its plans for use of the net proceeds of the stock offering for each of the foregoing purposes. Initially,
we intend to invest a substantial portion of the net proceeds in investment grade securities, including securities issued by U.S. Government
agencies and mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies and U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises. See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion
of our expected dividend policy. Under applicable OCC regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year
following the completion of the conversion and stock offering, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and with prior regulatory
approval, or except to fund management recognition plans (which would require notification to the OCC) or tax-qualified employee stock
benefit plans. 30 Van Wert Federal will receive a capital contribution
from VWF Bancorp equal to at least 50% of the net offering proceeds. Based on this formula, we anticipate that VWF Bancorp will contribute
to Van Wert Federal $8.5 million, $10.2 million, $11.8 million and $13.7 million of the net offering proceeds at the minimum, midpoint,
maximum, and adjusted maximum of the offering range, respectively. Van Wert Federal may use the net proceeds it receives
from the stock offering: · to fund new loans; · to invest in securities consistent with our investment policy; · enhance existing products and services; · to expand its banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new branches or by acquiring other financial institutions or other financial
services companies as opportunities arise, although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements to acquire a financial institution
or other entity; and · for other general corporate purposes. Van Wert Federal has not quantified its plans for
use of the net proceeds of the stock offering for each of the foregoing purposes. Initially, a substantial portion of the net proceeds
will be invested in securities issued by U.S. Government agencies and mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. Government agencies and
U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises. The use of the proceeds outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited
to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, our relative position in
the financial services industry, the attractiveness of opportunities to expand our operations through acquisitions or establishing or
acquiring branches, our ability to receive regulatory approval for any such expansion activities, and overall market conditions. We expect our return on equity to decrease upon
the completion of the conversion and stock offering until we are able to reinvest effectively the additional capital raised in the stock
offering. See “Risk Factors – Risks Related to the Stock Offering – We have broad discretion in using the proceeds of
the stock offering. Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds of the stock offering may have an adverse effect on our financial
performance and the value of our common stock.” OUR DIVIDEND POLICY Following completion of the conversion and stock
offering, our board of directors will have the authority to declare dividends on our shares of common stock, subject to statutory and
regulatory requirements. However, no decision has been made with respect to the payment of dividends. In determining whether to pay a
cash dividend and the amount of such cash dividend, the board of directors is expected to take into account a number of factors, including
capital requirements, our financial condition and results of operations, other uses of funds for the long-term value of stockholders,
tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations and general economic conditions. No assurances can be given that any dividends
will be paid or that, if paid, will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. Special cash dividends, stock dividends or returns of
capital, to the extent permitted by regulations and policies of the OCC, may be paid in addition to, or in lieu of, regular cash dividends. VWF Bancorp expects to file a consolidated federal
income tax return with Van Wert Federal. Accordingly, it is anticipated that any cash distributions that we make to our stockholders would
be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return of capital for federal and state income tax purposes. Additionally, according
to OCC regulations, during the three-year period following the stock offering, we will not take any action to declare an extraordinary
dividend to stockholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free return of capital for federal income tax purposes. 31 VWF Bancorp’s articles of incorporation authorized
the issuance of preferred stock. If we issue preferred stock, the holders thereof may have a priority over the holders of our shares of
common stock with respect to the payment of dividends. For a further discussion concerning the payment of dividends on our shares of common
stock, see “Description of Capital Stock of VWF Bancorp – Common Stock.” Any dividends we may declare and pay will depend,
in part, upon receipt of dividends from Van Wert Federal, because dividends from Van Wert Federal will be our primary source of income.
OCC regulations impose limitations on dividends and other capital distributions by savings institutions like Van Wert Federal. See “Regulation
and Supervision – Federal Banking Regulation – Capital Distributions.” Any payment of dividends by Van Wert Federal to
VWF Bancorp that would be deemed to be drawn out of Van Wert Federal’s bad debt reserves, if any, would require Van Wert Federal
to pay taxes at the then-current tax rate on the amount of earnings deemed to be removed from the reserves for such distribution. Van
Wert Federal does not intend to make any distribution to us that would create such a federal tax liability. See “Taxation.” MARKET FOR THE COMMON STOCK VWF Bancorp is a newly formed company and has never
issued capital stock. Van Wert Federal, as a mutual institution, is not authorized to issue capital stock. VWF Bancorp expects that that
its common stock will be quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace operated by OTC Markets Group upon the completion of the conversion and stock
offering. The development of an active trading market depends
on the existence of willing buyers and sellers, the presence of which is not within our control, or that of any market maker. The number
of active buyers and sellers of the shares of common stock at any particular time may be limited. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that,
if you purchase shares of common stock, you will be able to sell them at or above $10.00 per share purchase price. Purchasers of common
stock in this stock offering should have long-term investment intent and should recognize that there will be a limited trading market
in the common stock. This may make it difficult to sell the common stock after the stock offering and may have an adverse impact on the
price at which the common stock can be sold. 32 HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA REGULATORY CAPITAL
COMPLIANCE At December 31, 2021, Van Wert Federal exceeded
all of the applicabl