—Risks Related to this Offering and our Common Stock—Future sales, or the perception of future sales, by us or our existing stockholders in the public market following the completion of this offering could cause the market price for our common stock to decline.” As of March 31, 2025, we had 172,963,709 shares of common stock outstanding. All shares sold in this offering will be freely tradable without registration under the Securities Act and without restriction, except for shares held by our “affiliates” ​(as defined under Rule 144). The shares of common stock held by certain stockholders including EQT, CPPIB, and Bain and certain of our directors, officers, and employees after this offering will be “restricted” securities under the meaning of Rule 144 and may not be sold in the absence of registration under the Securities Act, unless an exemption from registration is available, including the exemptions pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Pursuant to Rule 144, the restricted shares held by our affiliates will be available for sale in the public market at various times after the date of this prospectus following the expiration of the applicable lock-up period. In addition, a total of 26,445,915 shares of our common stock has been reserved for issuance under (i) existing options awarded under our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, (ii) our 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, and (iii) our 2024 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (each subject to adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, and similar events), which equals approximately 15.3% of the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately following this offering. We have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register common stock issued or reserved for issuance under (i) our 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, (ii) our 2024 Equity Incentive Plan, and (iii) our 2024 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which statement automatically became effective upon filing. Accordingly, shares registered under such registration statement are available for sale in the open market, unless such shares are subject to vesting restrictions or the lock-up restrictions described below. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144, as currently in effect, a person (or persons whose shares are deemed aggregated) who is not deemed to be or have been one of our affiliates for purposes of the Securities Act at any time during 90 days preceding a sale and who has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least six months, including the holding period of any prior owner other than an affiliate, is entitled to sell such shares without registration, subject to compliance with the public information requirements of Rule 144. If such a person has beneficially owned the shares proposed to be sold for at least one year, including the holding period of a prior owner other than an affiliate, then such person is entitled to sell such shares without complying with any of the requirements of Rule 144. Under Rule 144, our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates, who have met the six-month holding period for beneficial ownership of “restricted shares” of our common stock, are entitled to sell within any three-month period, a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of: • 1% of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding, which equals approximately 1,729,637 shares; or ​ 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS • the average reported weekly trading volume of our common stock on Nasdaq during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to such sale. ​ Sales under Rule 144 by our affiliates or persons selling shares on behalf of our affiliates are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. The sale of these shares, or the perception that sales will be made, could adversely affect the price of our common stock because a great supply of shares would be, or would be perceived to be, available for sale in the public market. We are unable to estimate the number of shares that will be sold under Rule 144 since this will depend on the market price for our common stock, the personal circumstances of the stockholder and other factors. Rule 701 In general, under Rule 701 of the Securities Act as currently in effect, any of our employees, consultants, or advisors who purchase shares from us in connection with a compensatory stock or option plan or other written agreement in a transaction that was completed in reliance on Rule 701, and complied with the requirements of Rule 701, is eligible to resell such shares in reliance on Rule 144, but without compliance with certain restrictions, including the holding period, contained in Rule 144. Registration rights For a description of rights that certain of our stockholders will have to require us to register the shares of our common stock they own, see “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence—Registration Rights Agreement” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these shares becoming freely tradable immediately upon effectiveness of such registration. Lock-up agreements In connection with this offering, we, the selling stockholders and certain of our officers and directors have agreed with the underwriters, subject to certain exceptions, not to sell, dispose of or hedge any shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock during the period beginning on the date of this prospectus and ending at 12:01 am, New York time, on the 60th day after the date of this prospectus (the “restricted period”) except with the prior written consent of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 42 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ CERTAIN UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS The following is a summary of certain United States federal income tax consequences to non-U.S. holders (as defined below) of the ownership and disposition of our common stock. Except where noted, this summary deals only with common stock that is held as a capital asset by a non-U.S. holder (as defined below). A “non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our common stock (other than an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) that is not, for United States federal income tax purposes, any of the following: • an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; ​ • a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; ​ • an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or ​ • a trust if it (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more “United States persons” ​(within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a valid election in effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. ​ This summary is based upon provisions of the Code, and United States Treasury regulations, rulings, judicial decisions, and administrative pronouncements, in each case as of the date hereof. Those authorities may be changed, perhaps retroactively, so as to result in United States federal income tax consequences different from those summarized below. This summary does not address all of the United States federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances, nor does it address the Medicare tax on net investment income, the alternative minimum tax, United States federal estate and gift taxes or the effects of any state, local or non-United States tax laws. In addition, it does not represent a detailed description of the United States federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the United States federal income tax laws (including if you are a United States expatriate, foreign pension fund, “controlled foreign corporation,” “passive foreign investment company,” tax-exempt or governmental organization, brokers, dealer or trader in securities, bank, insurance company, or a partnership or other pass-through entity for United States federal income tax purposes (and investors therein)). We cannot assure you that a change in law will not alter significantly the tax considerations that we describe in this summary. If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner of a partnership considering an investment in our common stock, you should consult your tax advisors. If you are considering the purchase of our common stock, you should consult your own tax advisors concerning the particular United States federal income tax consequences to you of the purchase, ownership, and disposition of our common stock, as well as the consequences to you arising under other United States federal tax laws and the laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. Dividends As described in the section entitled “Dividend Policy,” we do not anticipate declaring or paying dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. However, in the event that we make a distribution of cash or other property (other than certain pro rata distributions of our stock) in respect of our common stock, the distribution generally will be treated as a 