See
    “ Risk Factors ” beginning on page 9 of this prospectus for a discussion of some of the factors
    you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in our common stock. 8 SUMMARY
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL DATA The
following table presents our summary historical financial data for the periods indicated. The summary historical financial data
for the year ended December 31, 2016 and for the period from March 10, 2015 (Inception) to December 31, 2015 and the balance sheet
data as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 are derived from the audited financial statements. The summary historical financial data
for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 and the balance sheet data as of June 30, 2017 are derived from our unaudited
financial statements. Historical
results are included for illustrative and informational purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of results we expect
in future periods, and results of interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year. You should read
the following summary financial data in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. Periods Ended December 31, Six Months Ended June 30, Full year 2016 2015 since Inception 2017 2016 (Unaudited) Statement of Operations Data Total operating expenses $ 1,560,647 $ 1,093,694 $ 812,882 $ 580,617 Net loss $ (1,560,647 ) $ (1,093,694 ) $ (812,882 ) $ (580,617 ) Net loss per share, basic and diluted $ (0.02 ) $ (0.01 ) $ (0.01 ) $ (0.01 ) Balance Sheet Data (at period end) Cash $ 544 $ 102 $ 487 Working capital (deficit ) (1) $ (2,644,611 ) $ (1,083,964 ) $ (3,457,493 ) Total assets $ 3,253 $ 6,953 $ 1,196 Total liabilities $ 2,647,864 $ 1,090,917 $ 3,458,689 Shareholders’ deficit $ (2,644,611 ) $ (1,083,964 ) $ (3,457,493 ) (1)
Working capital represents total current assets less total current liabilities. RISK
FACTORS Investment
in our common stock involves a number of substantial risks. You should not invest in our stock unless you are able to bear the
complete loss of your investment. In addition to the risks and investment considerations discussed elsewhere in this prospectus,
the following factors should be carefully considered by anyone purchasing the securities offered through this prospectus. The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known
to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur,
our business could be harmed. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors could lose all or
a part of the money paid to buy our common stock. Risks
Related to our Company and our Planned Business Operations Our
having generated no revenues from operations makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects and make decisions
based on those estimates of our future performance. Since
our inception on March 10, 2015 through June 30, 2017, we have generated no revenues and incurred a loss of $3,467,223. As a consequence,
it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast our future results based upon our historical data. Furthermore, with any business,
there is a substantial risk that the business will fail. The majority of new businesses fail due to many factors, including, but
not limited to, lack of capital, failure to successfully integrate a new management team, unexpected delays, more intense competition,
and many of the other risk factors discussed below. Investors in this offering should only invest if they are able to bear the
loss of their entire investment. 9 Management
has indicated in its report that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our
lack of revenues and if we are unable to generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail
our operations. Management
has indicated in its report that our lack of revenues raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
The financial statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. If we are unable to
generate significant revenue or secure financing we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. We
may have difficulty in procuring the additional financing required to complete planned asset purchases and to license software
and operate and develop our planned businesses. We
will be totally dependent on the proceeds of this offering to enable us to cover the cost of our planned purchase and operating
plan of the Webstar eCampus assets and the license of Gigabyte Slayer and WARP-G software solutions. In addition, we will require
significant amounts of cash, and we may be required to seek additional capital, whether from sales of debt or equity securities
or borrowing additional money, for the future development and growth of our business. The terms and/or availability of additional
capital are unreliable. If we are not successful in obtaining adequate capital, we will not be able to complete our planned acquisitions
and we would ultimately be unable to generate future revenues from these lines of business. Our
success is contingent on the completion of the purchase of the Webstar eCampus assets and entering into license agreements for
the Gigabyte Slayer and WARP-G software and our having adequate liquidity to fund these costs and planned development and commercialization. Our
success in developing and commercializing the Webstar eCampus and the Gigabyte Slayer and WARP-G software solutions is contingent
in part upon our completion of the purchase of the Webstar eCampus assets and entering into license agreements for the Gigabyte
Slayer and WARP-G software. Should we be unable to complete the purchase of the Webstar eCampus assets pursuant to the asset purchase
agreement we have entered into to acquire these assets or enter into license agreements for the use of the Gigabyte Slayer and
WARP-G software solutions as provided for in the letters of intent discussed in this prospectus, our ability to implement our
planned development and commercialization strategies and potential revenue streams would be limited, which would reduce our potential
revenue and profits. In addition, our ability to complete these planned transactions are contingent upon us having sufficient
liquidity to fund them. Furthermore, we may be at a disadvantage in further development, enhancement and commercialization of
these technologies due to unobtainability of cash resources and competition with other entities engaged in on-line educational
services and data compression software development activities, many of which have greater resources than we do. Expenses
required to operate as a public company will reduce funds available to develop our business and could negatively affect our stock
price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Operating as a public
company is more expensive than operating as a private company, including additional funds required to obtain outside assistance
from legal, accounting, investor relations, or other professionals that could be more costly than planned. We may also be required
to hire additional staff to comply with additional SEC reporting requirements. We anticipate that the cost of SEC reporting will
be approximately $500,000 annually. Our failure to comply with reporting requirements and other provisions of securities
laws could negatively affect our stock price and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
If we fail to meet these requirements, we will be unable to secure a qualification for quotation of our securities on the OTC
Bulletin Board, or, if we have secured a qualification, we may lose the qualification and our securities would no longer trade
on the OTC Bulletin Board. Further, if we fail to meet these obligations and consequently fail to satisfy our SEC reporting obligations,
investors will then own stock in a company that does not provide the disclosure available in quarterly, annual reports and other
required SEC reports that would be otherwise publicly available leading to increased difficulty in selling their stock due to
our becoming a non-reporting issuer. 10 Inability
of Our Officers and Directors to devote sufficient time to the operation of the business may limit our success. Presently,
our Chief Executive Officer and President are full time employees of our company. However, several of the other officers and directors
do not allocate all of their time to our business but intend to do so once we complete the offering and we can pursue our plan
of operation. Should the business develop faster than anticipated, the officers and directors will have to retain additional personnel
to ensure that it continues as a going concern. We
need to retain key personnel to support our products and ongoing operations. The
development and marketing of our products will continue to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and
resources. Our future success depends upon the continued services of our executive officers and key employees and contractors
who have critical industry experience and relationships that we rely on to implement our business plan. The loss of the services
of any of our officers or directors would negatively impact our ability to sell our products, which could adversely affect our
financial results and impair our growth. We
depend heavily on key personnel, and turnover of key senior management could harm our business. Our
future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of our President and Chief
Executive Officer, Joseph P. Stingone, Sr. If we lose his services or if he 