" and elsewhere in this prospectus. Overview We are one of the leading providers of commercial real estate financial services in the United States, with a primary focus on
multifamily loans. We originate, sell and service a range of multifamily and other commercial real estate financing products. We
currently do not originate loans for our balance sheet. We fund loans for GSE and HUD programs through warehouse facility financings and sell them to investors in accordance with the
related loan sale commitment, which we obtain prior to loan closing. Proceeds from the sale of the loan are used to pay off the warehouse facility. The sale of the loan is typically completed 2 to
45 days after the loan is closed. Loans placed with an institutional investor are funded directly by the institutional investor. We
generate loan origination related fees from origination fees paid by the borrowers and premiums on the sale of loans. Premiums on the sale of loans are generated when the investor
purchasing the loan requires a lower yield than the coupon rate of the loan less the servicing and other fees. We also generate revenues from the gain attributable to MSRs and any net warehouse
interest income we earn while the loan is being funded by the warehouse facility. We
retain servicing rights on substantially all of the loans we originate, and generate revenues from the fees we receive for servicing the loans, interest income from escrow deposits
held on behalf of borrowers, late charges and other ancillary fees. Servicing fees are set at the time an investor agrees to purchase the loan and are paid monthly for the duration of the loan. Our
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac servicing engagements provide for make-whole payments in the event of a voluntary prepayment. Loans serviced outside of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac do not
typically require such payments. We
are currently not exposed to interest rate risk during the loan commitment, closing and delivery process. The sale or placement of each loan to an investor is negotiated prior to
establishing the coupon rate for the loan. We also seek to mitigate the risk of a loan not closing. We have agreements in place with the GSEs and HUD that specify the cost of a failed loan delivery,
also known as a pair off fee, in the event we fail to deliver the loan to the investor. The pair off fee is typically less than the deposit we collect from the borrower. Any potential loss from a
catastrophic change in the property condition while the loan is held for sale using warehouse facility financing is mitigated through property insurance equal to replacement cost. We are also
protected contractually from any failure to close by an investor. We have experienced only one failed delivery in our 23-year history with the GSE and HUD programs. We
have risk sharing obligations on most loans we originate under the Fannie Mae DUS program. When a Fannie Mae DUS loan is subject to full risk sharing, we absorb the first 5% of any
losses on the unpaid principal balance of a loan, and above 5% we share a percentage of the loss with Fannie Mae, with our maximum loss capped at 20% of the unpaid principal balance of a loan. We may,
however, request modified risk sharing at the time of origination, which reduces our potential risk sharing losses from the levels described above. We regularly request modified risk sharing based on
such factors as the size of the loan, market conditions and loan pricing. We may also request modified 37 Table of Contents risk
sharing on large transactions if we do not believe that we are being fully compensated for the risks of the transactions or to manage overall risk levels. Except for the Fannie Mae DUS loans
acquired in the Column transaction, which were acquired subject to their existing Fannie Mae DUS risk sharing levels, our current credit management policy is to cap each loan balance subject to full
risk sharing at $25 million. Accordingly, we currently elect to use modified risk sharing for loans of more than $25 million in order to limit our maximum loss on any loan to
$5 million. Our
servicing fees for risk sharing loans include compensation for the risk sharing obligations and are larger than the servicing fees we receive from Fannie Mae for loans with no risk
sharing obligation. We receive a lower servicing fee for modified risk sharing than for full risk sharing. Formation of Walker & Dunlop, LLC In January 2009, W&D, Inc., its affiliate Green Park, and Column contributed their assets to a newly formed entity,
Walker & Dunlop, LLC. The transaction brought together Walker & Dunlop's competencies in debt origination, loan servicing, asset management, investment consulting and related
services, Green Park's Fannie Mae DUS origination capabilities and Column's Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and HUD operations, including its healthcare real estate lending business, to form one of the
leading providers of commercial real estate financial services in the United States. Substantially all of the assets and liabilities of W&D, Inc. and Green Park, including its wholly owned
subsidiary Green Park Express, LLC, were transferred to Walker & Dunlop, LLC in exchange for 5% and 60% interests, respectively, in Walker & Dunlop, LLC, and certain assets
and liabilities of Column were transferred to Walker & Dunlop, LLC for a 35% interest in Walker & Dunlop, LLC. Basis of Presentation Concurrently with the closing of this offering, we will complete certain formation transactions through which Walker &
Dunlop, LLC will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Walker & Dunlop, Inc., a newly formed Maryland corporation. In connection with the formation transactions, members of the
Walker family, certain of our directors and executive officers and certain other individuals and entities who currently own direct and indirect equity interests in Walker & Dunlop, LLC
will contribute their respective interests in such entities to Walker & Dunlop, Inc. in exchange for shares of our common stock. See "Business—Our History and Formation
Transactions." The
selected financial data included in this prospectus represents the consolidated and combined statements for the entities that will become our wholly owned subsidiaries as of the
completion of this offering. Outlook and Trends We believe demand for commercial real estate loans will increase as substantial levels of existing debt mature and commercial real
estate investment activity rebounds. We also believe multifamily lending will continue to be characterized by the strong market presence of GSEs and HUD, given the continued weakness of commercial
banks and the secondary market for securitized loans. Fannie
Mae, Freddie Mac and the real estate and finance industries, however, have come under intense scrutiny as a result of the recent economic crisis and that scrutiny is likely to
continue for the next several years. Although we cannot predict what actions Congress or other governmental authorities may take affecting GSEs, HUD and companies operating in the commercial real
estate and finance sectors, we expect some degree of regulatory change is likely. Congress and other governmental authorities have also suggested that lenders should be required to retain on their
balance sheet a portion of the loans that they originate, although no regulation has yet been implemented. We may be subject to additional liquidity and capital requirements. Separately, Fannie Mae
has indicated that it currently contemplates increasing its collateral requirements under the Fannie Mae DUS program from 38 Table of Contents 35
basis points to 60 basis points, effective January 1, 2011. The incremental collateral required for existing and new loans will be funded over approximately the next three years, in
accordance with Fannie Mae requirements. Factors That May Impact Our Operating Results We believe that our results are affected by a number of factors, including the items discussed below. • Performance of Multifamily and Other Commercial Real Estate Related
Markets. Our business is dependent on the general demand for, and value of, commercial real estate and related services, which are
sensitive to economic conditions. Demand for multifamily and other commercial real estate generally increases during stronger economic environments, resulting in increased property values, transaction
volumes and loan origination volumes. During weaker economic environments, multifamily and other commercial real estate may experience higher property vacancies, lower demand and reduced values. These
conditions can result in lower property transaction volumes and loan originations, as well as an increased level of servicer advances and losses from our Fannie Mae DUS risk sharing obligations. • The Level of Losses from Fannie Mae Risk Sharing
Obligations. Under the Fannie Mae DUS program, we share risk of loss on most loans we sell. In the majority of cases, we absorb the
first 5% of any losses on the unpaid principal balance of a loan, and above 5% we share a percentage of the loss with Fannie Mae, with our maximum loss capped at 20% of the unpaid principal balance of
a loan. As a result, a continuing rise in delinquencies could have a material adverse effect on us. • The Price of Loans in the Secondary Market. Our
profitability is determined in part by the price we are paid for the loans we originate. A component of our origination related revenues is the premium we recognize on the sale of a loan. Stronger
investor demand typically results in larger premiums while weaker demand results in little to no premium. • Market for Servicing Commercial Real Estate Loans. Service
fee rates for new loans are set at the time we enter into a loan sale commitment based on origination volumes, competition, prepayment rates and any risk sharing obligations we undertake. Changes in
future service fee rates impact the value of our future MSRs and future servicing revenues, which could impact our profit margins and operating