—Risks Inherent in WES’s Business—WES’s strategies to reduce its exposure to changes in commodity prices may fail to protect WES and could negatively
impact its financial condition, thereby reducing its cash flows and ability to make distributions to partners, including us.” Federal income taxes . Income earned by WES, a non-taxable entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including and subsequent to the date of the acquisition of its assets, is subject only to
Texas margin tax, while income earned prior to WES’s acquisition of its assets is subject to federal and state income tax. General and administrative expenses under the WES omnibus agreement . Pursuant to the WES omnibus agreement, Anadarko and WES GP
perform centralized corporate functions for WES. Prior to WES’s acquisition of its assets from Anadarko, WES’s historical consolidated financial statements reflect a management services fee representing the general and administrative
expenses attributable to its assets. For the nine months ended September 30, 2012, and the year ended December 31, 2011, Anadarko, in accordance with WES’s partnership agreement and the WES omnibus agreement, determined, in its
reasonable discretion, amounts to be allocated to WES in exchange for services provided under the WES omnibus agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, and the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
Anadarko billed WES $11.4 million, $8.4 million, $11.8 million, $9.0 million and $6.9 million, respectively, in allocated general and administrative expenses. Prior to December 31, 2010, the general and administrative expenses allocated to WES
were subject to a cap as set forth in the WES omnibus agreement. In addition, WES’s general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, included $0.1 million and $0.8 million, respectively, of expenses
incurred by Anadarko and WES GP in excess of the cap contained in the WES omnibus agreement. Such expenses were recorded as capital contributions from Anadarko and did not impact WES’s cash flows. The amounts charged under the WES omnibus
agreement are greater than amounts allocated to WES by Anadarko for the aggregate management services fees reflected in WES’s historical consolidated financial statements for periods prior to WES’s acquisition of its assets from Anadarko.
Public company expenses of WES that were reimbursed to Anadarko, excluding equity-based compensation, were $5.0 million, $5.4 million, $7.7 million, $8.0 million and $7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2012 and 2011, and the years
ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Interest on intercompany balances . For periods prior to
WES’s acquisition of its assets from Anadarko, except for Chipeta, WES incurred interest expense or earned interest income on current intercompany balances with Anadarko related to such assets. These intercompany balances were extinguished
through non-cash transactions in connection with the closing of WES’s initial public offering, the Powder River acquisition, the initial Chipeta acquisition, the Granger acquisition, the Wattenberg acquisition, the acquisition of a 0.4%
interest in White Cliffs, the Bison acquisition and the MGR acquisition. Therefore, interest expense and interest income attributable to these balances are reflected in WES’s historical consolidated financial statements for the periods ending
prior to WES’s acquisition of those assets, except for Chipeta. Beginning December 7, 2011, Anadarko discontinued
charging interest on intercompany balances. The outstanding affiliate balances on the assets acquired from Anadarko prior to their acquisition were entirely settled through an adjustment to net investment by Anadarko. Platte Valley acquisition . In February 2011, WES acquired a natural gas gathering system and cryogenic gas processing facilities,
collectively referred to as the “Platte Valley assets,” financed with borrowings under the WES RCF. These assets, acquired from a third party, have been recorded in WES’s consolidated financial statements at their estimated fair
values on the acquisition date under the acquisition method of accounting. 84 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Results of operations attributable to the Platte Valley assets have been included WES’s consolidated statements of income beginning on the acquisition date in the first quarter of 2011. The fair values of the plant and processing facilities, related equipment, and intangible assets acquired were based on the
market, cost and income approaches. The liabilities assumed include certain amounts associated with environmental contingencies estimated by management. All fair-value measurements of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on inputs that
are not observable in the market and thus represent Level 3 inputs. General Trends and Outlook We expect WES’s business to continue to be affected by the following key trends. Our expectations are based on assumptions made by us
and information currently available to us. To the extent our underlying assumptions about, or interpretations of, available information prove to be incorrect, WES’s actual results may vary materially from expected results. Impact of natural gas prices. The relatively low natural gas price environment, which has persisted over the past three years, has
led to lower levels of drilling activity in areas served by certain of WES’s assets. Several of WES’s customers, including Anadarko, have reduced activity levels in certain areas, shifting capital toward liquid-rich opportunities that
offer higher margins and superior economics to producers. This trend has resulted in fewer new well connections and, in some cases, temporary curtailments of production in those areas. To the extent opportunities are available, WES will continue to
connect new wells to its systems to mitigate the impact of natural production declines in order to maintain throughput on its systems. However, WES’s success in connecting new wells to its systems is dependent on the activities of natural gas
producers and shippers. Changes in regulations. WES’s operations and the operations of its customers have been,
and at times in the future may be, affected by political developments and are subject to an increasing number of complex federal, state, tribal, local and other laws and regulations such as production restrictions, permitting delays, limitations on
hydraulic fracturing and environmental protection regulations. WES and/or its customers must obtain and maintain numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various federal, state, tribal and local governmental authorities. For example,
regulation of hydraulic fracturing is currently primarily conducted at the state level through permitting and other compliance requirements. If proposed federal legislation is adopted, it could establish an additional level of regulation and
permitting. Any changes in statutory regulations or delays in the issuance of required permits may impact both the throughput on and profitability of WES’s systems. Access to capital markets. WES requires periodic access to capital in order to fund acquisitions and expansion projects. Under the terms of WES’s partnership agreement, WES is required to
distribute all of its available cash to its unitholders, which makes WES dependent upon raising capital to fund growth projects. Historically, master limited partnerships have accessed the debt and equity capital markets to raise money for new
growth projects and acquisitions. Recent market turbulence has from time to time either raised the cost of capital markets financing or, in some cases, temporarily made such financing unavailable. If WES is unable either to access the capital
markets or find alternative sources of capital, WES’s growth strategy may be more challenging to execute. Impact of
inflation. Although inflation in the U.S. has been relatively low in recent years, the U.S. economy could experience a significant inflationary effect from, among other things, the governmental stimulus plans enacted since 2008. To the
extent permitted by regulations and escalation provisions in WES’s existing agreements, it has the ability to recover a portion of increased costs in the form of higher fees. Impact of interest rates. Interest rates were at or near historic lows at certain times during 2012. Should interest rates rise,
WES’s financing costs would increase accordingly. Additionally, as with other yield-oriented securities, WES’s unit price is impacted by the level of its cash distributions and an associated implied distribution yield. Therefore, changes
in interest rates, either positive or negative, may affect the yield requirements of investors who invest in WES’s units, and a rising interest rate environment could have an adverse impact on WES’s unit price and its ability to issue
additional equity, or increase the cost of issuing 85 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements equity, to make acquisitions, reduce debt or for other purposes. However, WES expects its cost of capital to remain competitive, as its competitors would face similar circumstances. Acquisition opportunities. As of September 30, 2012, Anadarko’s total domestic midstream asset portfolio, excluding the
assets WES owns, consisted of 17 gathering systems, approximately 4,300 miles of pipeline and eight processing and/or treating facilities. A key component of WES’s growth strategy is to acquire midstream assets from Anadarko and third parties
over time. We believe Anadarko, through its indirect economic interest in WES following this offering, will continue to be motivated to promote and support the successful execution of WES’s business plan and to pursue projects that help to
enhance the value of its business. However, Anadarko continually evaluates acquisitions and divestitures and may elect to acquire, construct or dispose of mids