—The number of new franchised Wingstop restaurants that actually open in the future may differ materially from the number of signed commitments from
potential existing and new franchisees” for additional information. While we believe there is opportunity for our brand to grow to
up to approximately 2,500 domestic restaurants over the long term, we do not currently target a specific number of annual new restaurant openings over a multi-year period. Therefore, we cannot predict the time period over which we can achieve this
level of domestic restaurant growth or whether we will achieve this level of growth at all. Our ability to achieve new restaurant growth is impacted by a number of risks and uncertainties beyond our or our franchisees control, including those
described under the caption “Risk Factors.” In particular, see “Risk Factors—If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes opening new restaurants, our ability to increase our revenue and operating
profits could be adversely affected” for specific risks that could impede our ability to achieve new restaurant growth in the future. Franchise Development and Economics. We believe we have an attractive franchise model that results in a strong track record of
opening restaurants with existing and new franchisees. Since the end of 2011, our restaurant base has grown by 308 restaurants, or 62%, and as of September 26, 2015, our brand operated in 39 states and 7 countries. In 2014, 59 of our 82 new domestic restaurants were opened by existing franchisees and 23 were opened by first-time franchisees. We believe
Wingstop is an attractive investment opportunity for franchisees because of our compelling restaurant level economics, simple restaurant operating model and relatively low initial investment. Furthermore, our track record of consistent restaurant
openings and low annual closure rate provides franchisees access to financing sources, including Small Business Administration, or “SBA,”-guaranteed loans, which reduces their initial cash cost of ownership, thereby enhancing the return on
their invested capital. Our domestic AUV was $1.07 million during fiscal year 2014. AUV for our domestic restaurants opened in 2013 was
approximately $820,000 during their first 52 weeks of operations (which we refer to as “year one AUV”). While we do not have a full 52 weeks of operations for all of our 2014 openings, average weekly sales for restaurants opened in 2014
are currently tracking at or above our 2013 openings on average. Our restaurants have not typically experienced a “honeymoon” period; rather, they open and build over time as awareness grows in the market. Historically, our opening of new
stores in underpenetrated markets has often resulted in sustained increases in the AUV of the existing stores in that market. The
estimated initial investment required to open a restaurant ranges between approximately $210,000 and $650,000, including pre-opening and working capital. We believe the average initial investment required to open our prototype 1,700 square foot
Wingstop restaurant is approximately $370,000 based on estimates derived from information reported to us by our franchisees that opened new restaurants during 2013 and 2014, excluding real estate purchase or lease costs, pre-opening costs and
working capital. Based on our current AUV of $1.12 million, our domestic restaurants delivered an average system-wide sales to investment ratio of 3.0x during the twelve months ended September 26, 2015, which we calculate based on our domestic
AUV divided by the average estimated initial investment required to open a restaurant reported above. We believe that our franchisees can achieve average unlevered cash-on-cash returns, which is defined as restaurant-level operating profit per
restaurant after royalties and advertising fund contributions, divided by initial investment costs, of approximately 35% to 40% in year two of operation. Our estimated year two average unlevered cash-on-cash returns are based on: • year two AUV, calculated by taking 2013 year one AUV grown by the average year two growth rate for all new restaurants since 2006; and • estimated restaurant-level operating costs based on restaurant-level operating costs reported to us by approximately 61% of our franchisees during 2013 and 2014. 85 Table of Contents Initial investment levels, AUV levels, restaurant-level operating costs and restaurant-level
operating profit of any new restaurant may differ from average levels experienced by franchisees in prior periods due to a variety of factors, and these differences may be material. Accordingly, our stated sales to investment ratio and average
unlevered cash-on-cash return may not be indicative of future results of any new franchised restaurant. In addition, estimated initial investment costs and restaurant-level operating costs are based on information self-reported by our franchisees
and have not been verified by us. Furthermore, performance of new restaurants is impacted by a range of risks and uncertainties beyond our or our franchisees’ control, including those described under the caption “Risk Factors.” We believe our highly-diversified franchisee base demonstrates the viability of our restaurant concept across numerous types of owners and
operators, limits our risk and provides an attractive base of owners with capacity to grow with our brand. We believe the strong relationships we have with our franchise system provide a strong platform for growth. Company-Owned Restaurants . Our company-owned restaurants represent a combination of restaurants opened by us and acquired from
franchisees. As of September 26, 2015, we had 19 company-owned restaurants, which is approximately 2% of our restaurant base. With
respect to our company-owned restaurants, once a suitable trade area is identified, we examine site specific details, including visibility, signage, access and parking. Final approval by our executive management team is required for each
company-owned site. Our company-owned restaurants generate highly-attractive financial returns. During fiscal year 2014, our
company-owned restaurants generated an AUV of $1.5 million. We will continue to evaluate as potential acquisition opportunities various franchised restaurants that we believe would allow us to improve restaurant operations and generate an attractive
return on invested capital. We may also sell certain company-owned restaurants to franchisees. For example, in February 2014, we sold five company-owned restaurants located in Arizona to a franchisee. We currently expect our mix of franchised to
company-owned restaurants over the long-term to remain relatively consistent with our current mix. Franchise Overview Our franchisees operated a total of 788 restaurants in 39 states, Europe, Latin America, Southeast Asia and the Middle East as of
September 26, 2015. We have rigorous qualification criteria and training programs for our franchisees and require them to adhere to strict operating standards. We work hard to ensure that every Wingstop franchise location meets the same quality
and customer service benchmarks in order to preserve the consistency and reliability of the Wingstop brand. We have a broad and
diversified domestic franchisee base. As of September 26, 2015, approximately 98% of our restaurant base was franchised with approximately 23% of our restaurants operated by franchisees who own more than ten restaurants, approximately 12% of
our restaurants operated by franchisees who owned six to ten restaurants, approximately 46% of our restaurants operated by franchisees who owned two to five restaurants, and approximately 19% of our restaurants owned by franchisees who owned only
one restaurant. Our domestic franchise base has an average restaurant ownership of approximately 2.6 restaurants per franchisee. Franchise and Development Agreements . Our franchisees execute a separate franchise agreement for each restaurant opened,
typically providing for a 10-year initial term, with an opportunity to enter into one or more renewal franchise agreements subject to certain conditions. Our standard franchise agreement changes from time to time, and terms may vary among
franchisees. We generally update and/or revise our franchise agreement on an annual basis and, as a result, the agreements we enter into with individual franchisees may vary. Our current franchise documents provide that franchisees must pay a
franchise fee of $20,000 for the first restaurant opened under a development agreement and $12,500 for each additional restaurant opened. If a franchisee has entered into an area development agreement with us (which occurs, in most cases, even if a
franchisee wants to develop only one restaurant), the aggregate initial fee currently is $30,000 for the first restaurant and $22,500 for each 86 Table of Contents subsequent restaurant under such development agreement, in each case including a $10,000 development fee per restaurant. The $10,000 development fee per restaurant to-be-developed is paid in full
at the time a development agreement is signed for the grant of development rights and is not refundable. Virtually all of our existing franchise agreements require our franchisees to pay us a royalty of 5% of their gross sales net of discounts. New
franchise agreements signed pursuant to development agreements entered into on or after July 1, 2014 require our franchisees to pay us a royalty of 6% of their gross sales net of discounts. Our franchise agreements allow us to assess
franchisees an advertising fund contribution based on their gross sales net of discounts. We currently charge an advertising fund contribution equal to 2% of gross sales under all existing franchise agreements. In addition, franchisees may vote to
increase their required advertising fund contribution. The boundaries of the area in which a franchisee may locate its restaurant, which
we refer to as the developm