" and in other parts of this prospectus. Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“MD&A”) is provided as a supplement to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and footnotes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and our results of operations. This item should be read in connection with our Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto (“Notes”) included in this prospectus. OVERVIEW We are a diversified company with several divisions and focused on seeking partnerships and becoming a revenue-generating company through various initiatives. Our operations include pharmaceutical manufacturing as a sourcing agent for Evofem and biotechnology. We became the manufacturing sourcing agent for Evofem’s FDA-approved product Phexxi® in March 2025 and signed the manufacturing deal with Zhoake (Hong Kong) Ophthalmology Limited in June 2025 to produce the approved product at lower cost. In addition, in January 2025, we launched a new corporate strategy to become a revenue generating biotech company through acquisitions of small companies and their FDA-approved products. We will seek acquisition targets to achieve our new corporate strategy. We believe there is an opportunity in the market: the acquisition of small companies with FDA-approved products from the many small biotech companies that struggle to maximize their commercialization potential. To capitalize on this opportunity, we plan to become a parent company acquiring strategic subsidiaries with FDA-approved products. Our management team has commercialization expertise in both large pharmaceutical and small biotech companies across multiple therapeutic areas, potentially enabling them to leverage synergies and optimize commercial performance across future subsidiaries. We will seek to use equity to acquire subsidiaries. The number of deals, if any, over time will depend upon the valuation and growth potential of the subsidiary companies. Our lead product candidate, istaroxime, is a first-in-class, dual-mechanism agent being developed to increase blood pressure and improve cardiac function in patients with cardiogenic shock and to improve cardiac function in patients with acute heart failure, or AHF, and reverse the hypotension and hypoperfusion associated with heart failure that deteriorates to cardiogenic shock. Istaroxime demonstrated significant improvement in both systolic and diastolic aspects of cardiac function and was generally well tolerated in four Phase 2 clinical trials. Istaroxime has been granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of AHF by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA. Based on the profile observed in our Phase 2 clinical studies in AHF, where istaroxime significantly improved cardiac function and systolic blood pressure, or SBP, in acute decompensated heart failure patients and had a favorable renal profile, we initiated a Phase 2 global clinical study, or the SEISMiC Study, to evaluate istaroxime for the treatment of early cardiogenic shock (Society for Cardiovascular Angiography and Interventions, or SCAI, Stage B shock), a severe form of AHF characterized by very low blood pressure and risk for hypoperfusion to critical organs and mortality. In April 2022, we announced our observations in the SEISMiC Study that istaroxime rapidly and significantly increased SBP while also improving cardiac function and preserving renal function. We believe that istaroxime has the potential to fulfill an unmet need in early and potentially more severe cardiogenic shock. We further believe that the data from the SEISMiC Study supports continued development in both cardiogenic shock and AHF. In September 2024, we announced positive topline results from our Phase 2b SEISMiC Extension Study, or the SEISMiC Extension, which demonstrated that istaroxime infused intravenously significantly improves cardiac function and blood pressure without increasing heart rate or clinically significant cardiac rhythm disturbances. Additionally, on August 5, 2025, we announced the interim analysis of the Phase 2 study in more severe SCAI Stage C cardiogenic shock (the “SEISMiC C Study”). Istaroxime was added to currently available inotropes and vasopressors in the study - no new safety signals were identified and physiological improvements were consistent with istaroxime responses in previous trials. Our heart failure cardiovascular portfolio also includes other SERCA2a activators. One family of compounds has the dual mechanism of action that includes inhibition of the sodium-potassium ATPase as well as activation of SERCA2a. The other family of compounds are considered selective SERCA2a activators and are devoid of activity against the sodium-potassium ATPase. This research program is evaluating these preclinical product candidates, including oral and intravenous SERCA2a activator heart failure compounds. These candidates would potentially be developed for both acute decompensated and chronic out-patient heart failure. In addition, our cardiovascular drug product candidates include rostafuroxin, a novel product candidate for the treatment of hypertension in patients with a specific genetic profile. We are pursuing potential licensing arrangements and/or other strategic partnerships and do not intend to advance the development of rostafuroxin without securing such an arrangement or partnership. 64 Table of Contents Our cardiovascular assets and programs are associated with a regional licensed partnership with Lee’s Pharmaceutical (HK) Ltd., or Lee’s (HK), for the development and commercialization of our product candidate, istaroxime, in Greater China. In addition to istaroxime, the agreement also licenses our preclinical next-generation dual mechanism SERCA2a activators, and rostafuroxin. In addition, we are supporting the efforts of Lee’s (HK) in starting a Phase 3 trial in AHF with istaroxime. On April 2, 2024, we entered into the Asset Purchase Agreement with Varian. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, we purchased all of the assets of Varian’s business associated with the Licence Agreement, which includes the Licence Agreement, all rights in molecules and compounds subject to the Licence Agreement, know-how and inventory of drug substance, or the Transferred Assets. The Transferred Assets include a novel, potential high-potency, specific, aPKCi inhibitor with possible broad use in oncology as well as certain rare malignant diseases. The asset platform includes two formulations (topical and oral) of an aPKCi inhibitor. We plan to seek partnership for the oncology program alleviating any cash burn on development. We have incurred operating losses since our incorporation on November 6, 1992. Our net loss was $10.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2025. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2024, our net loss was $12.0 million. As of June 30, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $861.3 million. For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had operating losses of $26.1 million and $20.6 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of $846.6 million. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements and public offerings of our common and preferred stock and borrowings from investors and financial institutions. As of June 30, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of $301 thousand and current liabilities of $15.7 million. To date, we have financed operations primarily through private placements and public offerings of common and preferred stock, warrants to purchase common stock, and borrowings from investors and financial institutions. We expect to continue to incur significant research and clinical development, regulatory, and other expenses as we (i) continue to develop our product candidates; (ii) seek regulatory clearances or approvals for our product candidates; (iii) conduct clinical trials on our product candidates; and (iv) manufacture, market, and sell any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval. Our ability to advance our corporate strategy is dependent upon our ability to secure additional capital in both the near and long-term, through public or private securities offerings; convertible debt financings; and/or potential strategic opportunities, including licensing agreements, drug product development, marketing collaboration arrangements, pharmaceutical research cooperation arrangements, and/or other similar transactions in geographic markets, including the U.S., and/or through potential grants and other funding commitments from U.S. government agencies, in each case, if available. We have engaged with potential counterparties in various markets and will continue to pursue non-dilutive sources of capital as well as potential private and public securities offerings. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to identify and enter into public or private securities offerings on acceptable terms and in amounts sufficient to meet our needs or qualify for non-dilutive funding opportunities under any grant programs sponsored by U.S. government agencies, private foundations, and/or leading academic institutions, or identify and enter into any strategic transactions that will provide the additional capital that we will require. If none of these alternatives is available, or if available and we are unable to raise sufficient capital through such transactions, we potentially could be forced to limit or cease our development activities, as well as modify or cease our operations, either of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Business and Program Updates A key element of our business strategy is to seek and establish strategic collaborations, licensing arrangements, and other partnerships that can support the advancement and commercialization of o