You should carefully read and consider the information set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” and all other information set forth in this prospectus and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to the number and
percentage of shares of our common stock to be outstanding immediately after this offering are based on 226,479,442 shares of our common stock outstanding and assume the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares of our Class A
common stock will not be exercised. Unless otherwise indicated, the information presented in this prospectus: • assumes a public offering price of $24.96 per share of our Class A common stock; and • excludes 28,271,641 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive
Plan (the “2021 Plan”) and 7,710,448 shares of our Class A common stock reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”). 18 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors. You should carefully consider the risks
described below with all of the other information included in this prospectus before deciding to invest in our Class A common stock. Further, the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially affect our business. If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In
that case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. For a summary of these risks, please read “Risk Factors Summary.” Risks Related to Our Business A decline in consumer
spending or a change in consumer preferences or demographics could reduce our sales or profitability and adversely affect our business. Our
sales depend on consumer spending, which is influenced by factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions, disruption or volatility in global financial markets, changes in interest rates, the availability of discretionary income
and credit, weather, consumer confidence, unemployment levels, and government orders restricting freedom of movement. We may experience declines in sales or changes in the types of products and services sold during economic downturns. Our business
could be harmed by any material decline in the amount of consumer spending, which could reduce our sales, or a decrease in the sales of higher-margin products, which could reduce our profitability and adversely affect our business. We have also benefited from increasing pet ownership, discretionary spending on pets and current trends in humanization and premiumization in the pet
industry, as well as favorable pet ownership demographics. To the extent these trends slow or reverse, our sales and profitability would be adversely affected. In particular, COVID-19 has driven an
increase in pet ownership and consumer demand for our products that may not be sustained or may reverse at any time. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer
preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and pet care needs could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, our
market share and our profitability. The growth of our business depends in part on our ability to accurately predict consumer trends, successfully introduce
new products and services, improve existing products and services, and expand into new offerings. Our growth depends, in part, on our
ability to successfully introduce, improve, and reposition our products and services to meet the requirements of pet parents. This, in turn, depends on our ability to predict and respond to evolving consumer trends, demands and preferences. Our
ability to innovate is affected by the technical capability of our product development staff and third-party consultants in developing and testing new products, including complying with governmental regulations, our attractiveness as a partner for
outside research and development scientists and entrepreneurs, the success of our management and sales team in introducing and marketing new products and service offerings, and our ability to leverage our digital and data capabilities to gather and
respond to consumer feedback. We may be unable to determine with accuracy when or whether any of our products or services now under development
will be launched, and we may be unable to develop or otherwise acquire product candidates or products. Additionally, we cannot predict whether any such products or services, 19 Table of Contents once launched, will be commercially successful. If we are unable to successfully develop or otherwise acquire new products or services, our business, financial condition, and results of
operations may be materially adversely affected. Our continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Petco, including our owned or
exclusive brands. We believe that one of the reasons our customers prefer to shop at Petco, and that our partners choose Petco as a place of
employment, is the reputation we have built over many years of serving our primary constituencies: customers; partners; and the communities in which we operate. These are core elements of the Petco mission and brand. To be successful in the future,
we must continue to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our reputation and our brand. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities, and even isolated incidents that erode trust and confidence, particularly
if they result in adverse publicity or widespread reaction on social media, governmental investigations, or litigation, can have an adverse impact on these perceptions and lead to adverse effects on our business, including decreased comparable
sales, consumer boycotts, loss of new pet care center development opportunities, lower partner morale and productivity, or partner recruiting and retention difficulties. In addition, we sell many products under our owned or private label brands. Maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and
availability of our branded products for our customers is essential to developing and maintaining customer loyalty and brand awareness. These products often have higher margins than national brand products. If one or more of these brands experience
a loss of consumer acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin could be adversely affected. Competition in the markets in which we operate,
including internet-based competition, is strong and if we are unable to compete effectively, our ability to generate sales may suffer and our operating income and net income could decline. The pet care industry is highly competitive. We compete with a number of specialty pet store chains and independent pet stores. We also compete with
online retailers, supermarkets, warehouse clubs and mass merchants. The pet care industry has become increasingly competitive due to the expansion of pet-related product offerings by certain
supermarkets, warehouse clubs, other retail merchandisers, and online retailers, and the entrance of additional independent pet stores with unique product offerings and other pet specialty retailers into the pet food and pet supply market, some of
which have developed store formats similar to ours. Some competitors are larger and have access to greater capital and the ability to invest in more resources than we do. We may face greater competition from national, regional, local and online retailers in the future. In particular, if any of our major competitors seeks
to gain or retain market share by reducing prices or by introducing additional products or services, we may be required to reduce prices on our key products or services or introduce new offerings in order to remain competitive, which may negatively
affect our profitability and require a change in our operating strategies. If consumer preferences change and thereby decrease the attractiveness
of what we believe to be our competitive advantages, including our extensive product assortment, premium product offerings, competitive pricing, high-quality service offerings, and a unique customer experience, or if we fail to otherwise positively
differentiate our customer experience from that of our competitors, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 20 Table of Contents We may be unable to execute our growth strategies successfully or manage and sustain our growth, and as a
result, our business may be adversely affected. Our strategies include expanding our veterinary service offerings and building out our
digital and data capabilities, growing our market share in services like grooming and training, enhancing our owned brand portfolio, and introducing new offerings to better connect with our customers. However, we may not be able to execute on these
strategies as effectively as anticipated. Our ability to execute on these strategies depends on a number of factors, including: • whether we have adequate capital resources to expand our offerings and build out our digital and data capabilities; • our ability to include veterinary services in our existing pet care centers or in our remodeled or relocated pet care
centers; • our ability to relocate our pet care centers and obtain favorable sites and negotiate acceptable lease terms; • our ability to hire, train, and retain skilled managers and personnel, including veterinarians, information technology
professionals, owned brand merchants, and groomers and trainers;