” beginning on page 17. HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING Although we cannot determine what the actual net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock in the offering will be until the offering is completed, we anticipate that the net proceeds will be between $159.5 million and $216.4 million. We intend to distribute the net proceeds as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $8.00 Per Share of 20,718,750 Shares 24,375,000 Shares 28,031,250 Shares Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars in thousands) Offering proceeds $ 165,750 $ 195,000 $ 224,250 Less offering expenses (6,234 ) (7,041 ) (7,848 ) Net offering proceeds $ 159,516 100.0 % $ 187,959 100.0 % $ 216,402 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: To WaterStone Bank $ 79,758 50.0 % $ 93,980 50.0 % $ 108,201 50.0 % To fund loan to employee stock ownership plan $ 13,260 8.3 % $ 15,600 8.3 % $ 17,940 8.3 % Retained by New Waterstone (1) $ 66,498 41.7 % $ 78,380 41.7 % $ 90,261 41.7 % (1) In the event the stock-based benefit plan providing for stock awards and stock options is approved by stockholders, and assuming shares are purchased for the stock awards at $8.00 per share, an additional $6.6 million, $7.8 million and $9.0 million of net proceeds will be used by New Waterstone.  In this case, the net proceeds retained by New Waterstone would be $59.9 million, $70.6 million and $81.3 million, respectively, at the minimum, midpoint and maximum of the offering range. Payments for shares of common stock made through withdrawals from existing deposit accounts will not result in the receipt of new funds for investment but will result in a reduction of WaterStone Bank’s deposits.  The net proceeds may vary because total expenses relating to the offering may be more or less than our estimates.  For example, our expenses would increase if fewer shares were sold in the subscription and community offerings and more in the syndicated or firm commitment underwritten offering than we have assumed. New Waterstone may use the proceeds it retains from the offering: · to invest in securities; · to pay cash dividends to stockholders, subject to the receipt of any required regulatory approvals; · to repurchase shares of our common stock, subject to the receipt of any required regulatory approvals; · to finance the acquisition of financial institutions, although we do not currently have any agreements or understandings regarding any specific acquisition transaction; and 31 Table of Contents · for other general corporate purposes. See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion of our expected dividend policy following the completion of the conversion.  Under current federal regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of the conversion, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and with prior regulatory approval, or except to fund management recognition plans (which would require notification to the Federal Reserve Board) or tax qualified employee stock benefit plans. WaterStone Bank may use the net proceeds it receives from the offering: · to fund new loans; · to enhance existing products and services and to support the development of new products and services; · to expand its retail banking franchise by establishing or acquiring new branches or by acquiring other financial institutions or other financial services companies as opportunities arise, although we do not currently have any understandings or agreements to acquire a financial institution or other entity; · to invest in securities; and · for other general corporate purposes. Initially, a substantial portion of the net proceeds will be invested in short-term investments, investment-grade debt obligations and mortgage-backed securities.  We have not determined specific amounts of the net proceeds that would be used for the purposes described above.  The use of the proceeds outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, the attractiveness of potential acquisitions to expand our operations, and overall market conditions.  The use of the proceeds may also change depending on our ability to receive regulatory approval to establish new branches or acquire other financial institutions. We expect our return on equity to be low until we are able to reinvest effectively the additional capital raised in the offering.  Until we can increase our net interest income and non-interest income, we expect our return on equity to be below the industry average, which may negatively affect the value of our common stock. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Offering—Our failure to effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance.” OUR DIVIDEND POLICY After the completion of the conversion, we intend to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis.  Initially, we expect the quarterly dividends to be $0.06 per share, which equals $0.24 per share on an annualized basis and an annual yield of 3.0% based on a price of $8.00 per share. The dividend rate and the initial and continued payment of dividends will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to receive regulatory non-objection to the payment of dividends, our capital requirements, our financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations, and general economic conditions.  We cannot assure you that we will receive regulatory non-objection to pay dividends in the future or when such non-objection may be obtained, or that any such dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. New Waterstone will not be permitted to pay dividends on its common stock if its stockholders’ equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account established by New Waterstone in connection with 32 Table of Contents the conversion.  The source of dividends will depend on the net proceeds retained by New Waterstone and earnings thereon, and dividends from WaterStone Bank.  In addition, New Waterstone will be subject to state law limitations and federal bank regulatory policy on the payment of dividends. Maryland law generally limits dividends if the corporation would not be able to pay its debts in the usual course of business after giving effect to the dividend or if the corporation’s total assets would be less than the corporation’s total liabilities plus the amount needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to those receiving the distribution. Waterstone-Federal is subject to an Order issued by the Office of Thrift Supervision, as the predecessor regulator to the Federal Reserve Board, that prohibits the payment of cash dividends without prior regulatory non-objection.  WaterStone Bank is subject to a memorandum of understanding with the WDFI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that prohibits WaterStone Bank from paying dividends to New WaterStone without receiving the prior written consent of the WDFI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  See “Supervision and Regulation—Regulatory Developments.” After the completion of the conversion, WaterStone Bank will not be permitted to pay dividends on its capital stock to New Waterstone, its sole stockholder, if WaterStone Bank’s stockholder’s equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account established in connection with the conversion.  In addition, WaterStone Bank will not be permitted to make a capital distribution if, after making such distribution, it would be undercapitalized.  WaterStone Bank must file an application with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for approval of a capital distribution if the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of WaterStone Bank’s net income for that year to date plus its retained net income for the preceding two years or WaterStone Bank would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution.  Under Wisconsin law and applicable regulations, WaterStone Bank may declare dividends on capital stock based upon net profits, provided that its paid-in surplus equals its capital stock and that it meets its regulatory capital requirements.  If WaterStone Bank’s paid-in surplus does not equal its capital stock, the board of directors may not declare a dividend unless at least 10% of the net profits of the preceding half year, in the case of quarterly or semi-annual dividends, or 10% of the net profits of the preceding year, in the case of annual dividends, has been transferred to paid-in surplus. In addition, prior WDFI approval will be required before WaterStone Bank declares any dividends exceeding 50% of profits for any calendar year and before a dividend may be declared out of retained earnings. Any payment of dividends by WaterStone Bank to New Waterstone that would be deemed to be drawn from WaterStone Bank’s bad debt reserves established prior to calendar 1988, if any, would require a payment of taxes at the then-current tax rate by WaterStone Bank on the amount of earnings deemed to be removed from the reserves for such distribution.  WaterStone Bank does not intend to make any distribution that would create such a federal tax liability.  See “The Conversion and Offering—Liquidation Rights.” For further information concerning additional federal law and regulations regarding the ability of WaterStone Bank to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends to New Waterstone, see “Taxation—Federal Taxation” and “Supervision and Regulation—Dividends.” We will file a consolidated federal tax return with WaterStone Bank.  Accordingly, it is anticipated that any cash distributions made by us to our stockholders would be treated as cash dividends a