.” 42 Table of Contents HOW WE INTEND TO USE THE PROCEEDS FROM THE OFFERING Although we will not be able to determine the amount of actual net proceeds we will receive from the sale of shares of common stock until the
offering is completed, we anticipate that the net proceeds will be between $24.3 million and $33.5 million, or $38.8 million if the offering is increased by 15%. Winchester Bancorp, Inc. intends to distribute the net proceeds from the offering as follows: Based Upon the Sale at $10.00 Per Share of: 2,610,715 Shares 3,071,429 Shares 3,532,143 Shares 4,061,964 Shares (1) Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds Amount Percent of Net Proceeds (Dollars in thousands) Gross offering proceeds $ 26,107 $ 30,714 $ 35,321 $ 40,620 Less: offering expenses (1,810 ) (1,810 ) (1,810 ) (1,810 ) Net offering proceeds $ 24,297 100.0 % $ 28,904 100.0 % $ 33,511 100.0 % $ 38,810 100.0 % Distribution of net proceeds: To Winchester Savings Bank $ 12,149 50.0 % $ 14,452 50.0 % $ 16,756 50.0 % $ 19,405 50.0 % To the charitable foundation $ 400 1.6 % $ 400 1.4 % $ 400 1.2 % $ 400 1.0 % Funding loan to employee stock ownership plan (2) $ 2,186 9.0 % $ 2,571 8.9 % $ 2,957 8.8 % $ 3,401 8.8 % Retained by Winchester Bancorp, Inc. $ 9,563 39.4 % $ 11,481 39.7 % $ 13,399 40.0 % $ 15,604 40.2 % (1) As adjusted to give effect to an increase in the number of shares, which could occur due to a 15% increase in
the offering range to reflect demand for the shares or changes in market conditions following the commencement of the offering. (2) The employee stock ownership plan will purchase 8% of the aggregate number of shares sold in the offering and
contributed to the charitable foundation with the employee stock ownership plan obtaining the funds to purchase the shares from a loan made available by Winchester Bancorp, Inc. to the employee stock ownership plan. The loan will be repaid
principally through Winchester Savings Bank’s contribution to the employee stock ownership plan over the anticipated 20-year term of the loan. The interest rate for the employee stock ownership plan loan
is expected to be equal to the prime rate, as published in The Wall Street Journal , on the closing date of the offering. The net proceeds may vary because total expenses relating to the offering may be more or less than our estimates. For example, our expenses
would increase if a syndicated offering were used to sell shares of common stock not purchased in the subscription and community offerings. See “The Reorganization and Offering—Plan of Distribution; Selling Agent Compensation”
for a discussion of fees to be paid in the event that shares are sold in a syndicated offering. Payments for shares made through withdrawals from existing deposit accounts will not result in the receipt of new funds for investment but will result in
a reduction of Winchester Savings Bank’s deposits. Winchester Savings Bank will receive at least 50% of the net proceeds of the offering. Winchester Bancorp, Inc. may use the proceeds it retains from the offering: • to invest in securities; • to repurchase shares of its common stock; • to finance acquisitions of financial institutions, or branches thereof, or other financial services businesses,
or to expand through de novo branching, although no specific transactions are being considered at this time; • to pay cash dividends to stockholders; and • for other general corporate purposes. 43 Table of Contents See “Our Dividend Policy” for a discussion of our expected dividend policy
following the completion of the offering. Under current federal regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first year following the completion of the offering, except when extraordinary circumstances exist and with
prior regulatory approval, or except to fund management recognition plans (which would require notification to the Federal Reserve Board) or tax-qualified employee stock benefit plans. In addition, under state
regulations, we may not repurchase shares of our common stock during the first three years following the completion of the offering except to fund tax-qualified or nontax-qualified employee stock benefit
plans, or except in amounts not greater than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock where compelling and valid business reasons are established to the satisfaction of the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks. Winchester Savings Bank may use the proceeds it retains from the offering: • to fund new loans; • to enhance existing, or support the growth and development of, new products and services; • to expand its retail banking franchise, by acquiring other financial institutions, branch offices or other
financial services businesses, or establishing new branches, although no specific acquisition transactions are being considered at this time; • to invest in securities; and • for other general corporate purposes. Initially, a substantial portion of the net proceeds will be invested in short-term investments, investment-grade debt obligations and
mortgage-backed securities. We have not determined specific amounts of the net proceeds that would be used for the purposes described above. The use of the proceeds outlined above may change based on many factors, including, but not limited to,
changes in interest rates, equity markets, laws and regulations affecting the financial services industry, the attractiveness of potential acquisitions to expand our operations, and overall market conditions. The use of the proceeds may also change
depending on our ability to receive regulatory approval to establish new branches or acquire other financial institutions. Our return on
equity may be low until we are able to reinvest effectively the additional capital raised in the offering, which may negatively affect the value of our common stock. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Offering—Our failure to
effectively deploy the net proceeds may have an adverse effect on our financial performance.” OUR POLICY
REGARDING DIVIDENDS Following completion of the offering, our board of directors will have the authority to declare dividends on our
common stock, subject to our capital requirements, our financial condition and results of operations, tax considerations, statutory and regulatory limitations, and general economic conditions. However, due to the regulatory restrictions described
below, we do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock. The payment and amount of any dividend payments will depend upon a number of factors. We cannot assure you that we will pay dividends in the future, or that any such
dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in the future. Winchester Bancorp, Inc. will not be permitted to pay dividends on its
common stock if its stockholders’ equity would be reduced below the amount of the liquidation account established by Winchester Bancorp, Inc. in connection with the offering. The source of dividends will depend on the net proceeds retained by
Winchester Bancorp, Inc. and earnings thereon, and dividends from Winchester Savings Bank. In addition, Winchester Bancorp, Inc. will be subject to state law limitations and federal bank regulatory policy on the payment of dividends. 44 Table of Contents If Winchester Bancorp, Inc. pays dividends to its stockholders, it will be required to pay
dividends to Winchester Bancorp, MHC. The Federal Reserve Board’s current policy prohibits the waiver of dividends by mutual holding companies that are regulated as bank holding companies (as opposed to savings and loan holding companies). Any
such payment would dilute our minority stockholders. In addition, Massachusetts banking regulations prohibit Winchester Bancorp, MHC from waiving dividends declared and paid by Winchester Bancorp, Inc. unless the Massachusetts Commissioner of Banks
does not object to the waiver and provided the waiver is not detrimental to the safe and sound operation of Winchester Savings Bank. Accordingly, we do not currently anticipate that Winchester Bancorp, MHC will be permitted to waive dividends paid
by Winchester Bancorp, Inc. See “Risk Factors—If we declare dividends on our common stock, Winchester Bancorp, MHC will be prohibited from waiving the receipt of dividends.” After the completion of the offering, Winchester Savings Bank will not be permitted to make a capital distribution if, after making such
distribution, it would be undercapitalized. Winchester Savings Bank must file an application with the Federal Reserve Board for approval of a capital distribution if the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of
Winchester Savings Bank’s net income for that year to date plus its retained net income for the preceding two years, or Winchester Savings Bank would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution. In addition, Massachusetts banking law imposes limitations on capital distributions by savings institutions. See “Supervision and
Regulation—Massachusetts Banking Laws and Supervision—Dividends.” Winchester Bancorp, Inc. will file a consolidated
federal tax return with Winchester Savings Bank. Accordingly, it is anticipated that any cash distributions made by us to our stockholders would be treated as cash dividends and not as a non-taxable return of
capital for federal tax purposes. Additionally, during the three-year period following the offering, we will not be permitted to make any capital distribution to stockholders that would be treated by recipients as a tax-free return of capital for federal income tax purposes. MARKET FOR
THE COMMON STOCK Winchester Bancorp, Inc. has never issued capital stock. Accordingly, there is no established market for our common
stock. Winchester Bancorp, Inc. expects that its common stock will be quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “WSBK” upon completion of the reorganization and offering, including the pre