You should
carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information contained in this prospectus. Some of these risks relate principally to our business and the industry in which we operate, while others relate principally to our
spin-off from First Data, and other risks relate to the securities markets generally and ownership of our common stock. Our business, financial position, results of operations or liquidity could be adversely affected by any of these risks, and, as a result, the trading
price of our common stock could decline. Risks Relating to the Spin-Off We may not realize the potential benefits from the spin-off. We may not realize the potential benefits that we
expect from our spin-off from First Data. We have described those anticipated benefits elsewhere in this prospectus. In addition, we will incur significant costs, including those described below, which may exceed our estimates, and we will incur
some negative effects from our separation from First Data, including loss of access to the financial, managerial and professional resources from which we have benefited in the past. Our historical combined and pro forma financial information are not necessarily indicative of our future financial position, future
results of operations or future cash flows nor do they reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been as a stand-alone company during the periods presented. Our historical combined financial information included in this prospectus
does not reflect what our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would have been as a stand-alone company during the periods presented and is not necessarily indicative of our future financial position, future results of operations
or future cash flows. This is primarily a result of the following factors: • Our historical combined financial results reflect allocation of expenses from First Data. Those allocations may be lower than the comparable expenses we would have incurred as a
stand-alone company. • Our working capital requirements historically have been satisfied as part of First Data’s corporate-wide cash management policies. Our cost of debt and our capitalization will
be significantly different from that reflected in our historical combined financial statements. • Significant changes will occur in our cost structure, financing and business operations as a result of our spin-off from First Data, including the costs for us to establish our
operating infrastructure and costs related to being a stand-alone company. The pro forma adjustments are based upon available information and assumptions that we believe are reasonable; however, our assumptions may not prove to be accurate. In addition, our unaudited pro forma combined
financial statements do not give effect to certain on-going additional costs that we expect to incur in connection with being a stand-alone company. Nor do the unaudited pro forma combined statements of income give effect to initial separation
costs. Accordingly, our unaudited pro forma combined financial statements do not reflect what our financial position or results of operations would have been as a stand-alone company and are not necessarily indicative of our future financial
position or future results of operations. Please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” “Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements” and our historical
combined financial statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. 10 Table of Contents We will incur significant expenses to create the infrastructure necessary to operate as a stand-alone company, and
we will experience increased on-going costs in connection with being a stand-alone company. We have historically used First Data’s infrastructure to support our business functions, including the telecommunications system supporting our
operations and the systems that provide for accounting and financial reporting, accounts payable and receivable processing, procurement and human resource management. The expenses related to establishing and maintaining this infrastructure were
spread among all of the First Data businesses. Following the spin-off, we will no longer have access to First Data’s infrastructure, and we will need to establish our own. We expect to incur costs in 2006 to establish the necessary
infrastructure. See “Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements.” First Data also performs many important corporate functions for us, including treasury, tax administration, accounting, financial reporting, human resources, employee benefits and incentives, legal, procurement and
other services. We currently pay First Data for these services on a cost-allocation basis. Following the spin-off, First Data will continue to provide some of these services to us on a transitional basis for a period of up to one year, pursuant to a
transition services agreement we will enter into with First Data. For more information regarding the transition services agreement, see “Our Relationship with First Data After the Spin-Off—Transition Services Agreement.” At the end of
this transition period, we will need to perform these functions ourselves or hire third parties to perform these functions on our behalf. The costs associated with performing or outsourcing these functions may exceed those charged by First Data when
we were part of First Data or during the transition period. A significant increase in the costs of performing or outsourcing these functions could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. Prior to the spin-off, our business benefited from First Data’s
purchasing power when procuring goods and services, including telecommunications service, computer hardware and software licenses, office supplies and equipment and travel services. As a stand-alone company, we may be unable to obtain goods and
services at comparable prices or on terms as favorable as those obtained prior to the spin-off, which could decrease our overall profitability. If the spin-off does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, you and First Data could be subject to material amounts of taxes and, in certain circumstances, our
company could be required to indemnify First Data for material taxes pursuant to indemnification obligations under the tax allocation agreement. First Data has received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that, among other things, the spin-off (including certain
related transactions) qualifies as tax-free to First Data, us and First Data stockholders for United States federal income tax purposes under sections 355, 368 and related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, assuming, among other things, the
accuracy of the representations made by First Data with respect to the matters on which the Internal Revenue Service does not rule. Although a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service generally is binding on the Internal Revenue
Service, if the factual assumptions or representations made in the private letter ruling request, including those described above, are untrue or incomplete in any material respect, then First Data will not be able to rely on the ruling. Furthermore,
the Internal Revenue Service will not rule on whether a distribution such as the spin-off satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code. Rather, the private letter ruling is
based upon representations by First Data that those requirements have been satisfied, and any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling. The spin-off is conditioned upon First Data’s receipt of an opinion of Sidley Austin LLP, counsel to First Data (or other nationally recognized tax
counsel), in form and substance satisfactory to First Data, to the effect that, with respect to the requirements referred to above on which the Internal Revenue Service will not rule, those requirements will be satisfied. The opinion will assume the
effectiveness of the Internal Revenue Service private letter ruling as to matters covered by the ruling. The opinion will be based on, among other things, certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by First Data and us which,
if untrue or incomplete in 11 Table of Contents any material respect, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by counsel in its opinion. The opinion will not be binding on the Internal Revenue Service or
the courts, and the Internal Revenue Service or the courts may not agree with the opinion. Neither First Data nor Western Union is aware of any facts or circumstances that would cause the assumptions or representations relied upon in the private letter ruling or to be relied upon in the opinion of counsel
to be untrue or incomplete in any material respect. If, notwithstanding receipt of the private letter ruling and opinion of counsel, the spin-off were determined to be a taxable transaction, each holder of First Data common stock who receives shares
of our common stock in connection with the spin-off would generally be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of our common stock received. First Data would recognize taxable gain equal to the excess
of the fair market value of the consideration received by First Data in the contribution over First Data’s tax basis in the assets contributed to us in the contribution. With respect to taxes and other liabilities that could be imposed in connection with the spin-off (and certain related
transactions) as a result of a final determination that is inconsistent with the anticipated tax consequences, as set forth in the private letter ruling, under the terms of the tax allocation agreement we will enter into with First Data prior to the
spin-off, we will be liable to First Da