-Changes
in tariffs or import restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations .” 104 Regulatory Landscape The regulatory landscape surrounding
WhiteFiber data centers and cloud services is evolving rapidly, and we anticipate increased scrutiny and potential regulation in the near-
and long-term. These developments may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We are subject to the laws
and regulations of various jurisdictions and governmental agencies affecting our operations and the sale of our infrastructure and services
in areas including, but not limited to: AI, AI, intellectual property; tax; import and export requirements; anti-corruption; economic
and trade sanctions; national security and foreign investment; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; data privacy
and security requirements; competition; advertising; employment; product regulations; environment, health and safety requirements; and
consumer laws. Although there is no assurance
that existing or future governmental laws and regulations applicable to our operations and the sale of our infrastructure services will
not have a material adverse effect on our capital expenditures operating results and competitive position, we do not currently anticipate
material expenditures for complying with government regulations. Nevertheless, we believe that global trade regulations could potentially
have a material impact on our business. As a global company, the import
and export of our infrastructure services and technology are subject to laws and regulations including international treaties, U.S. export
controls and sanctions laws, customs regulations, and local trade rules around the world. For example, all acquisitions of control (whether
direct or indirect) of Canadian businesses by non-Canadians may be subject to review on grounds that the investment could be injurious
to national security. Following the filing of the required Investment Canada Act notification in respect of our acquisition of Enovum,
we received written notification from the Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry of Canada (the “Minister”), that the
acquisition may be subject to a national security review. Following review of information we provided, Bit Digital executed a “Commitment
Letter” to the Minister which provides for the following: (i) Commitment to maintain one Canadian on the board of Enovum Inc.;
(ii) Commitment to maintain or improve Enovum’s security controls for personnel, physical security and the internal network,
and (iii) Commitment to send a list of Enovum’s current clients to Investment Canada on an annual basis. The scope, nature, and severity
of such controls varies widely across different countries and may change frequently over time. Such laws, rules, and regulations may delay
the introduction of our infrastructure and services or impact our competitiveness through restricting our ability to do business in certain
places or with certain entities and individuals. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce continues to add firms to the Entity List.
These export restrictions, which would require that we obtain licenses from the U.S. Department of Commerce to allow us to export infrastructure
services to such listed firms, which could limit or prevent us from doing business with certain potential customers or potential suppliers.
Additionally, although the U.S. Department of Commerce has withdrawn its AI diffusion rules, which would have imposed worldwide limits
on AI chip exports used to create computer clusters, it plans to issue a replacement rule in the future and continues to strengthen other
existing export controls on advanced AI chips. These restrictive governmental actions, and any similar measures that may be imposed on
U.S. companies by other governments, could limit our ability to conduct business globally. Additionally, there are growing
concerns about the ethical implications and potential misuse of AI and machine learning. Governments and regulatory bodies are considering
measures to ensure the responsible development and deployment of AI systems, including transparency, accountability, and fairness guidelines.
We are closely monitoring these developments and will dedicate our best efforts to adhere to any upcoming regulations or industry best
practices. As a company operating at
the intersection of data center, cloud and HPC hosting services, we are committed to maintaining a proactive and adaptive approach to
regulatory compliance. We closely monitor legislative and regulatory developments and engage in dialogue with relevant stakeholders to
ensure our business practices align with the evolving legal and regulatory framework. Despite the uncertainties posed by the changing
regulatory landscape, we remain committed to delivering innovative and responsible solutions in the data center, cloud and HPC hosting
markets while prioritizing compliance and risk management. However, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we may
be subject to significant liabilities, including fines and penalties, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations
could be adversely affected. Investment Canada Act All acquisitions of control
(whether direct or indirect) of Canadian businesses by non-Canadians may be subject to review on grounds that the investment could be
injurious to national security. Following the filing of the required Investment Canada Act notification in respect of our acquisition
of Enovum (the “Transaction”), we received written notification from the Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry of Canada
(the “Minister”), that the Transaction may be subject to a national security review. Following review of information we provided,
Bit Digital executed a “Commitment Letter” to the Minister which provides for the following: (i) Commitment to maintain
one Canadian on the board of Enovum Inc.; (ii) Commitment to maintain or improve Enovum’s security controls for personnel,
physical security and the internal network, and (iii) Commitment to send a list of Enovum’s current clients to Investment Canada
on an annual basis. The Company is complying with the terms of the Commitment Letter. 105 Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may
become involved in various disputes and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are not presently a party
to any litigation the outcome of which, we believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We may in the future receive claims from third
parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Defending such proceedings is costly and can
impose a significant burden on management and employees, we may receive unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings in the course of litigation,
and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained. Employees As of June 30, 2025, we and our subsidiaries employed 39 full-time
employees and consultants. At the corporate level, we employed 12 individuals, in addition to our CEO, Sam Tabar; our CFO, Erke Huang;
and our Senior Vice President of Capital Markets and Corporate Strategy, Cameron Schnier. These include a Chief Technology Officer; a
Managing Director of Strategies; Heads of Revenue and GTM Strategy; Head of Marketing; a Senior Account Executive; a Senior Program Manager;
a Senior Data Center Manager; and five Engineers. Our cloud services business employed a CEO and utilizes the services of Bit Digital’s
employees, including a Director of Business Development, a Senior Managing Engineer, and two Analysts. Our HPC data center business employed
14 individuals, including its CEO, Billy Krassakopoulos; CFO, Roberto D’Errico; CSO, Simon Hamelin-Choquette; CTO, David Bayle;
a Business Development Specialist; two System Operators; two Construction Managers; and five Technicians. We also engage consultants and
contractors in the buildout of our data centers as needed to supplement our permanent workforce. In connection with the completion
of this offering, we will implement a long-term performance incentive program, granting eligible employees service-based restricted stock
awards and performance-based restricted stock awards that vest upon achieving specific performance milestones. This performance program
is a key employee incentive, aligning their long-term interests with the Company’s objectives, See Executive and Director Compensation—Share
Options/Restricted Share Units. Properties WhiteFiber’s headquarters
offices are located at 31 Hudson Yards, 11th Floor, Suite 30, New York, NY 10001. The WhiteFiber’s lease is for a term ending July
31, 2027 with a monthly rental of $7,226. WhiteFiber provides cloud
services at the data center located at Falkagerdi 1, 1540 BlöndUos Campus, Iceland. We have one office in Reykjavik, Iceland, located
at Skógarhlíð 12, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland. The lease is for a term ending December 31, 2025, with a monthly rental
of approximately $620. We maintain a 64,642 square
foot data center (MTL-1) located at 3195 Chem de Bedford Road, Montreal, Quebec, H3S, IGS. The lease was first entered into on March 19,
2020, and last amended on March 25, 2022. The lease is for a term of 15 years and nine months ending on May 31, 2036, unless terminated
earlier. The lease has been two five-year renewal options, from June 1, 2036 to May 31, 2041 and from June 1, 2041 until May 31, 2046.
The base rent started at $13,467, is currently $32,321 until May 31, 2025, and increases to $42,394 by the end of the lease. Additional
rent is Enovum’s proportionate share of operating costs and of real estate taxes, as well as an administrative fee equal to 15%
of Enovum’s proportionate share of operating costs. The 