: This offering involves a high degree of risk. You should not consider a purchase of the shares unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. See “Risk Factors,” as well as other cautionary statements throughout this Prospectus,
before investing in shares of our common stock. (1) The number of shares of common stock outstanding after this offering is based on 27,546,632 shares of common stock outstanding at January 22, 2015 and excludes as of that date: (a) 493,000 shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of warrants outstanding at a weighted-average exercise price of $15.00 per share; (b) 4,929,165 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options at a weighted-average exercise price of $7.10 per share and
(c) 1,070,835 shares of common stock available for grant under our 2005 Incentive Stock Option Plan. 6 Table of Contents Summary Financial Data The following selected consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013 are derived from our
audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Prospectus. The selected statements of operations data for the nine months ended September 30, 2013 and 2014, and balance sheet data at September 30, 2014, are derived from our
unaudited financial statements, included elsewhere in this Prospectus, which have been prepared on a basis consistent with our audited financial statements and, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring
adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the entire year. The following data
should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Year Ended December 31, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2012 2013 2013 2014 (in thousands, except share and per share data) Statement of Operations Data Operating expenses: Research and development $ 13,334 $ 7,935 $ 5,610 $ 9,424 General and administrative 1,829 1,990 1,828 6,435 Total operating expenses 15,163 9,925 7,438 15,859 Loss from operations (15,163 ) (9,925 ) (7,438 ) (15,859 ) Other income (loss): Interest income 3 1 1 — Foreign exchange gain (loss) — (3 ) (3 ) 24 Total other income (loss): 3 (2 ) (2 ) 24 Net loss $ (15,160 ) $ (9,927 ) $ (7,440 ) $ (15,835 ) Net loss per common share—basic and diluted $ (0.70 ) $ (0.44 ) $ (0.33 ) $ (0.66 ) Weighted average number of common shares—basic and diluted 21,594,369 22,520,416 22,341,240 24,173,485 At September 30, 2014 Actual Pro forma As adjusted (in thousands) Balance sheet data Cash and cash equivalents $ 15,497 Working capital 13,428 Total assets 19,661 Total shareholders’ equity 17,218 7 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves a number of risks. You should not invest unless you are able to bear the complete loss of your
investment. In addition to the risks and investment considerations discussed elsewhere in this Prospectus, the following factors should be carefully considered by anyone purchasing the securities offered by this Prospectus. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our
business could be harmed. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors could lose all or a part of the money paid to buy our common stock. Risks Related to our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements We have incurred significant losses every quarter since our inception and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses in the future. We are a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company with no revenue and a limited operating history. Investment in pharmaceutical
product development is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate efficacy or an acceptable safety profile, gain
regulatory approval or become commercially viable. We do not have any products approved by regulatory authorities for marketing or commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales, or otherwise, to date, and we continue to incur
significant research, development and other expenses related to our ongoing operations. As a result, we are not profitable and have incurred losses in every reporting period since our inception in 2005. For the years ended December 31, 2012 and
December 31, 2013, we reported a net loss of $15.2 million and $9.9 million, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2014, we reported a net loss of $15.8 million. As of September 30, 2014, we had an accumulated deficit
since inception of $87.3 million. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. We
anticipate these losses will increase as we continue the research and development of, and seek regulatory approvals for, Xilonix™ and any of our other product candidates, and potentially begin to commercialize any products that may achieve
regulatory approval. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our financial condition. The amount of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of
future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenues. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition. If Xilonix™ or any other product candidate fails
in clinical trials or does not gain regulatory approval, or if approved, fails to achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent
periods. Even if this offering is successful, we will need to raise significant additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or terminate our product development efforts or other operations. Since inception, we have dedicated a majority of our resources to the discovery and development of our proprietary preclinical and clinical
product candidates, and we expect to continue to expend substantial resources doing so for the foreseeable future. These expenditures will include costs associated with conducting research and development, manufacturing product candidates and
products approved for sale, conducting preclinical experiments and clinical trials and obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals, as well as commercializing any products later approved for sale. During the nine months ended September 30,
2014, we recognized approximately $9.4 million in expenses associated with research and development and clinical trials. Our anticipated
net proceeds from this offering are not expected to be sufficient to complete clinical development of any of our product candidates nor prepare to commercializing any product candidate which 8 Table of Contents receives regulatory approval. Accordingly, we will likely require substantial additional capital beyond this offering to continue our clinical development and potential commercialization
activities. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including but not limited to: • the number and characteristics of the future product candidates we pursue; • the scope, progress, results and costs of independently researching and developing any of our future product candidates, and conducting preclinical research and clinical trials; • the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals for any future product candidates we develop independently; • the cost of future commercialization activities for Xilonix™ and the cost of commercializing independently any future products approved for sale; • the cost of manufacturing our future products; • the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patents, including litigation costs and the outcome of any such litigation. We are unable to estimate the funds we will actually require to complete research and development of our product candidates or the funds
required to commercialize any resulting product in the future. Upon the completion of this offering, based upon our anticipated operating
expenditures, we expect that the net proceeds from this offering, with our cash and cash equivalents of approximately $57.3 million as of December 31, 2014, will be sufficient to fund our current operations for at least the next 36 months.
However, our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings, government or other third-party funding,
marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangements or a combination of these approaches. Raising funds in the future may present additional challenges and future financing may not be
available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing
shareholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. The terms of
any financing arrangements we enter into may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our shareholders and the issuance of additional securities, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our shares to dec