You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. Our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry, which is significantly affected by volatile oil and gas prices and other factors. Our business depends on the level of activity in oil and gas exploration, development and production in market sectors worldwide. Oil and
gas prices and market expectations of potential changes in these prices significantly affect this level of activity. However, higher commodity prices do not necessarily translate into increased drilling activity, since customers’ expectations
of future commodity prices typically drive demand for our services. The availability of quality drilling prospects, exploration success, relative production costs, the stage of reservoir development and political and regulatory environments also
affect the demand for our services. Worldwide military, political and economic events have in the past contributed to oil and gas price volatility and are likely to do so in the future. The demand for our services may be affected by numerous
factors, including: • the level of worldwide oil and gas exploration and production; • the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas; • demand for energy, which is affected by worldwide economic activity and population growth; • the level of excess production capacity; • the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; • the ability of OPEC to set and maintain production levels for oil; • the level of production by non-OPEC countries; • U.S. and global political and economic uncertainty, socio-political unrest and instability or hostilities; • demand for, availability of and technological viability of, alternative sources of energy; and • technological advances affecting energy exploration, production, transportation and consumption. Demand for our offshore services substantially depends on the level of activity in offshore oil and gas exploration, development and
production. The level of offshore activity is historically cyclical and characterized by large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in a variety of factors, including oil and gas prices, which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. A significant amount of our U.S. onshore business is focused on
unconventional shale resource plays. The demand for those services is substantially affected by oil and gas prices and market expectations of potential changes in these prices. If the price of oil were to go below a certain threshold for an extended
period of time, demand for our services in the U.S. onshore market would be greatly reduced, potentially having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The oil and gas industry has historically experienced periodic downturns, which have been characterized by reduced demand for oilfield
services and downward pressure on the prices we charge. A significant downturn in the oil and gas industry will adversely affect the demand for oilfield services and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Physical dangers are inherent in our operations and may expose us to significant
potential losses. Personnel and property may be harmed during the process of drilling for oil and gas. Drilling for
and producing oil and gas, and the associated services that we provide, include inherent dangers that may lead to property damage, personal injury, death or the discharge of hazardous materials into the environment. Many of these events are outside
our control. Typically, we provide services at a well site where our personnel and equipment are located together with personnel and equipment of our customers and third parties, such as other service providers. At many sites, we depend on other
companies and personnel to conduct drilling operations in accordance with appropriate safety standards. From time to time, personnel are injured or equipment or property is damaged or destroyed as a result of accidents, failed equipment, faulty
products or services, failure of safety measures, uncontained formation pressures, or other dangers inherent in drilling for oil and gas. Any of these events can be the result of human error. With increasing frequency, our services are deployed on
more challenging prospects, particularly deep water offshore drilling sites, where the occurrence of the types of events mentioned above can have an even more catastrophic impact on people, equipment and the environment. Such events may expose us to
significant potential losses. We are vulnerable to risks associated with our offshore operations that could negatively
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We conduct offshore operations in the U.S. Gulf of
Mexico and almost every significant international offshore market, including West Africa, Latin America, Europe, the Asia Pacific region and several other producing regions. Our operations and financial results could be significantly impacted by
conditions in some of these areas because we are vulnerable to certain unique risks associated with operating offshore, including those relating to: • hurricanes and other adverse weather conditions; • terrorist attacks, such as piracy; • failure of offshore equipment and facilities; • local and international political and economic conditions and policies and regulations related to offshore drilling; • unavailability of offshore drilling rigs in the markets that we operate; • the cost of offshore exploration for, and production and transportation of, oil and gas; • successful exploration for, and production and transportation of, oil and gas from onshore sources; • the availability and rate of discovery of new oil and gas reserves in offshore areas; and • the ability of oil and gas companies to generate or otherwise obtain funds for exploration and production. While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Our international operations and revenue expose us to political,
economic and other uncertainties inherent to international business. We have substantial international operations, and
we intend to grow those operations further. For the year ended December 31, 2012, international operations accounted for approximately 44% of our revenue. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks inherent in any business
operating in foreign countries, including, but not limited to, the following: • political, social and economic instability; • potential expropriation, seizure or nationalization of assets; 17 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • deprivation of contract rights; • increased operating costs; • inability to collect revenues due to shortages of convertible currency; • unwillingness of foreign governments to make new onshore and offshore areas available for drilling; • civil unrest and protests, strikes, acts of terrorism, war or other armed conflict; • import/export quotas; • confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies; • continued application of foreign tax treaties; • currency exchange controls; • currency exchange rate fluctuations and devaluations; • restrictions on the repatriation of funds; and • other forms of government regulation which are beyond our control. Instability and disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic and social conditions of the foreign countries in which we conduct
business, including economically and politically volatile areas such as Africa, the Middle East, Latin America and the Asia Pacific region, could cause or contribute to factors that could have an adverse effect on the demand for the products and
services we provide. Worldwide political, economic, and military events have contributed to oil and gas price volatility and are likely to continue to do so in the future. Depending on the market prices of oil and gas, oil and gas exploration and
development companies may cancel or curtail their drilling programs, thereby reducing demand for our services. Additionally,
our competitiveness in international market areas may be adversely affected by regulations that promote or incentivize, among other things, the: • awarding of contracts to local contractors; and • establishment of foreign subsidiaries with significant ownership positions reserved by the foreign government for local citizens. While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. To compete in our industry, we must continue to
develop new technologies and products to support our tubular services, secure and maintain patents related to our current and new technologies and products as well as protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. The markets for our tubular services are characterized by continual technological developments. While we believe that the proprietary
products we have developed provide us with technological advances in providing services to our customers, substantial improvements in the scope and quality of the products in the market we operate may occur over a short period of time. If we are not
able to develop commercially competitive products in a timely manner in response, our ability to service our customers’ demands may be adversely affected. Our future ability to develop new products in order to support our services depends on
our ability to: • design a