, we will incur these loses before the Company generates advertising or referral commission revenues. As of the date of this prospectus, we have not earned any revenue. Failure to generate revenue will cause us to go out of business and will result in the complete loss of your investment. WE MAY FACE LIABILITY FOR INFORMATION DISPLAYED ON OR ACCESSIBLE VIA OUR WEBSITE, AND FOR OTHER CONTENT AND COMMERCE-RELATED ACTIVITIES, WHICH COULD REDUCE OUR NET WORTH AND WORKING CAPITAL AND INCREASE OUR OPERATING LOSSES. We could face claims for errors, defamation, negligence or copyright or trademark infringement based on the nature and content of information displayed on or accessible via our website, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Even to the extent that claims made against us do not result in liability, we may incur substantial costs in investigating and defending such claims. We may be subject to liability based on statements made and actions taken as a result of participation in restaurant reviews and listings by our registered users. Based on links we provide to third-party websites, we could also be subject to claims based upon online content we do not control that is accessible from our website. 11 Our insurance, if any, may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liabilities that may be exposed. Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage would reduce our net worth and working capital and increase our operating losses. ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS WE DEVELOP WILL BE VALUABLE AND ANY INABILITY TO PROTECT THEM COULD REDUCE THE VALUE OF OUR PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND BRAND. Any trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights that we develop will be important assets to us. There can be no assurance that the protections provided by these intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent our competitors from misappropriating our technology or that our competitors will not independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. There are events that are outside our control that could pose a threat to our intellectual property rights. Additionally, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS CLAIMS IN THE FUTURE, WHICH MAY BE COSTLY TO DEFEND, COULD REQUIRE THE PAYMENT OF DAMAGES AND COULD LIMIT OUR ABILITY TO USE CERTAIN TECHNOLOGIES IN THE FUTURE. Companies in the Internet, technology and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face increasing competition, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims increases. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming, expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management resources and attention. An adverse determination also could prevent us from offering our products and services to others and may require that we procure substitute products or services for these members. With respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to pay damages or stop using technology found to be in violation of a third party’s rights. We may have to seek a license for the technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. The technology also may not be available for license to us at all. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for the infringing aspects of our business, we may be forced to limit our product and service offerings and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our brand and operating results. OUR TECHNICAL SYSTEMS ARE VULNERABLE TO INTERRUPTION AND DAMAGE THAT MAY BE COSTLY AND TIME-CONSUMING TO RESOLVE AND MAY HARM OUR BUSINESS AND REPUTATION. A disaster could interrupt our services for an indeterminate length of time and severely damage our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Our systems and operations will be vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, floods, network failure, hardware failure, software failure, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, terrorism, war or sabotage, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, penetration of our network by unauthorized computer users and “hackers” and other similar events, and other unanticipated problems. We may not have developed or implemented adequate protections or safeguards to overcome any of these events. We may also not have anticipated or addressed many of the potential events that could threaten or undermine our technology network. Any of these occurrences could cause material interruptions or delays in our business, result in the loss of data or render us unable to provide services to our consumers. In addition, if anyone can circumvent our security measures, he or she could destroy or misappropriate valuable information or disrupt our operations. Our insurance, if any, may not be adequate to compensate us for all the losses that may occur as a result of a catastrophic system failure or other loss, and our insurers may decline to do so for a variety of reasons. If we fail to address these issues in a timely manner, we may lose the confidence of our online advertisers, and our revenue may decline and our business could suffer. 12 WE WILL RELY ON AN OUTSIDE FIRM TO HOST OUR SERVERS, AND A FAILURE OF SERVICE BY THESE PROVIDERS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND REPUTATION. We will rely upon a third party provider to host our main server. In the event that these providers experience any interruption in operations or cease operations for any reason or if we are unable to agree on satisfactory terms for continued hosting relationships, we would be forced to enter into a relationship with other service providers or assume hosting responsibilities ourselves. If we are forced to switch hosting facilities, we may not be successful in finding an alternative service provider on acceptable terms or in hosting the computer server ourselves. We may also be limited in our remedies against these providers in the event of a failure of service. We also expect to rely on a third party provider for revenue, Google Adsense . A failure or limitation of service or available capacity by any of these third party providers could adversely affect our business and reputation. Risks Related to Investing in Our Industry OUR BUSINESS DEPENDS IN PART ON THE GROWTH AND MAINTENANCE OF THE INTERNET AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE. The success of our business depends in part on the continued growth and maintenance of the Internet and telecommunication infrastructure. This includes maintaining a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable Internet services. Internet infrastructure may be unable to support the demands placed on it if the number of Internet users continue to increase or if existing or future Internet users access the Internet more often or increase their bandwidth requirements. We have no control over the providers of access services to the Internet. Interruptions, delays or capacity problems with any points of access between the Internet and our websites could adversely affect our ability to provide services to users of our websites. The temporary or permanent loss of all or a portion of our services on the Internet, the Internet infrastructure generally, or our users’ ability to access the Internet, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. GOVERNMENT REGULATION COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS PROSPECTS. We do not know with certainty how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, copyright and other intellectual property issues, taxation, illegal content, retransmission of media, personal privacy and data protection will apply to the Internet or to the distribution of proprietary content over the Internet. Most of these laws were adopted before the advent of the Internet and related technologies and therefore do not address the unique issues associated with the Internet and related technologies. Depending on how these laws developed and are interpreted by the judicial system, they could have the effect of: · limiting the growth of the Internet; · creating uncertainty in the marketplace that could reduce demand for our products and services; · increasing our cost of doing business; · exposing us to significant liabilities associated with content distributed or accessed through our products or services; or · leading to increased product and applications development costs, or otherwise harm our business. TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATIONS CHANGE VERY QUICKLY AND OUR WEBSITE MAY BECOME OBSOLETE IF WE ARE UNABLE TO UPDATE OUR WEBSITE TO KEEP UP WITH TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATIONS. New innovations may result in our website becoming obsolete very quickly. Developers, content writers and data entry staff would be needed to be on contract at all times to ensure that the website is kept up to date with the latest information, trends in the industry, and in the technology powering the website. This could be very costly and if upgrades are required more often than initially anticipated, we may not have the finances available to continue ope