.” • Underwriting performance and continued investments in our technology . We leverage data, technology,
and proprietary underwriting algorithms to enhance risk management. For instance, we leverage dynamic data sources obtained through various sources and apply advanced statistical methods to model that data into our pricing algorithm. We expect to
improve our ability to manage risk and price risk accurately over time as we incorporate new external data sources and utilize the experience gained over time with HCI’s policyholder base. These enhancements are expected to lead to better
underwriting, lower loss frequency, and lower loss ratios over time – after adjusting for weather-related events. Our success in this area depends on our ability to continuously incorporate new data sources as they become available and
effectively apply them to improve our ability to accurately and competitively price risk. 73 Table of Contents • Intense competition in our market. The market to provide core system software to the P&C
insurance industry is highly competitive and fragmented. This market is subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs and introductions of new products and services. Our competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the products
and services offered. The principal competitive factors in our industry include total cost of ownership, product functionality, flexibility and performance, customer references and in-depth knowledge of the
P&C insurance industry. We believe that we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of each of these factors. However, many of our current or potential competitors have greater financial and other resources, greater name recognition
and longer operating histories than we do. • New customer success and retention . We have relied and expect to continue to rely on customer
relationships with a relatively small number of carriers in the P&C insurance industry for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of any of these customers or a reduction in revenue from any of these customers would significantly
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we currently have one customer that is not affiliated with HCI, we do not expect to generate significant revenue from this customer in the current fiscal year. As part of our
growth strategy, we are focused on expanding our customer base by developing new partnerships with additional carriers and their agents. Our future operating results will depend, in part, on the rate at which we acquire new customers that are not
affiliates of HCI and maintain our relationships with existing customers as measured by the amount of managed premium on our platform. We believe that introducing these prospective customers to the advantages of our technology and variable fee
structure will be critical to diversifying our revenue and reducing customer concentration over time. Our ability to support this expansion depends on the continued performance of our customer success, onboarding, and support teams, which are
critical to ensuring high customer satisfaction, adoption, and retention. • National expansion strategy / Expansion into new geographies and use cases. We believe national
expansion will be a key driver of our long-term growth and success of our business. As of June 30, 2025, we provide services to P&C companies in the states of Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Massachusetts, Montana, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico,
North Carolina, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota and Utah. We expect to apply our highly scalable model nationally, with a tailored approach to each state that is driven by the regulatory environment and local market dynamics. We hope to
expand rapidly and efficiently across different geographies while maintaining a high level of control over the specific strategy within each state. State expansion should create a broader base from which to grow premiums while increasing the
geographic diversity in the policyholder base and risk portfolio that we manage. We believe that broader geographic diversification will also improve our ability to secure favorable terms from reinsurers, which would improve the overall cost
structure and profitability for our customers. • Regulatory matters. The legal environment of cloud-based technology businesses is evolving in the
United States, and we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States that involve matters central to our business. Many of these laws and regulations are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted in
ways that could harm our business. These may involve privacy, data protection and personal information, content, intellectual property, data security, and data retention and deletion. In particular, we are subject to federal and state laws regarding
privacy and protection of people’s data. U.S. federal and state laws and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change.
As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from state to state and
inconsistently with our current policies and practices. • Data privacy. Our customers and their policyholders upload to and store their data in our
cloud-based platform. This presents legal challenges to our business and operations, such as consumer privacy rights and intellectual property rights. We must monitor and comply with a wide variety of laws and 74 Table of Contents regulations regarding the data stored and processed on our cloud-based platform as well as in the operation of our business. Non-compliance with these laws
could result in penalties or significant legal liability. We have invested, and continue to invest, human and technology resources into our compliance efforts and our data privacy compliance efforts generally. • Transition to a standalone public company. We will become subject to the reporting and compliance
obligations of the federal and state securities laws, as well as stock exchange requirements. Operating as a standalone public company will require us to establish additional governance structure and corporate functions. Such expanded capabilities
will include external financial reporting, internal audit, treasury, investor relations, board of directors and officers, and stock administration resulting in additional costs incurred. Summary of Key Performance Metrics We review a number of
metrics, including the following key operating operational measures, as we make strategic decisions, measure our performance, evaluate our business, and identify trends in our business: In thousands, except percentages and counts As of June 30, As of December 31, 2025 2024 2024 2023 2022 Managed Premium $ 1,220,280 $ 502,758 $ 580,276 $ 384,143 $ 319,532 Managed Policies 270,094 97,595 112,475 93,016 94,441 Premium Per Policy $ 4,518 $ 5,151 $ 5,159 $ 4,130 $ 3,383 Gross Dollar Retention Rate 88.8 % 97.4 % 95.1 % 96.6 % 105.1 % Net Dollar Retention Rate 242.7 % 148.8 % 151.1 % 120.2 % 162.0 % Annual Recurring Revenue $ 195,257 $ 118,679 $ 138,462 $ 98,361 $ 82,244 Managed Premium Managed premium is defined as the aggregate gross dollar value of in-force premiums that are processed, managed, or
administered by our software solutions as of the period end date. This excludes any applicable policy fee income associated with managed policies. Premium pricing may vary by state due to a combination of factors including regulatory requirements;
however, the majority of the policies are written in the state of Florida. Revenue is primarily derived from usage-based pricing models, which are structured based on the amount of managed premiums processed, in most cases. We view this as an
important metric because it is an indicator of overall size of our platform. However, managed premium is an operational metric and should not be considered a substitute for revenue or other financial results. Managed premiums attributable to insurance policies written in the state of Florida represented 84.8%, 77.3%, and 79.5% of total managed premiums for the
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, and 90.0% and 82.7% for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Managed Policies Managed policies is defined as
the number of currently active policies managed by us on our platform as of the period end date. We consider managed policies a key metric for evaluating our financial performance, as growth in the number of managed policies not only drives revenue
growth, but we also believe that an increase in managed policies may reflect broader brand awareness and deeper market penetration of our Exzeo Platform. Premiums Per Policy Premiums per policy is
defined as the managed premium divided by managed policies. We view premium per policy as an important metric which provides information as to the average size of our customers’ policyholder relationships. Growth in the metric can be
indicative of increased coverages offered to our customers. 75 Table of Contents Gross Dollar Retention Rate Gross dollar retention rate measures the percentage of managed premium retained from our customers’ existing policyholders. We calculate gross dollar
retention rate by measuring the managed premium attributable to policyholders who remained active as of the end of the current period and dividing this amount by the managed premium attributable to those same policyholders as of the end of the
corresponding prior-year period (i.e. twelve months earlier) We believe the gross dollar retention rate is a valuable indicator of platform engagement among existing policyholders and provides insight into our ability to retain and sustain premium
volu