Investing in our securities involves risks. Before purchasing the securities offered by this prospectus you should carefully read the risk factors incorporated by reference in this prospectus from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2025 filed with the SEC on December 19, 2025, as well as the risks, uncertainties and additional information set forth in the other documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus that we file with the SEC after the date of this prospectus and which are deemed incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and the information contained in any applicable prospectus supplement. For a description of these reports and documents, and information about where you can find them, see “Incorporation of Certain Information by Reference.” The risks and uncertainties we discuss in this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company. Additional risks not presently known, or currently deemed immaterial, also could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, business and prospects. We are subject to the continued listing standards of the NYSE American and our failure to satisfy these criteria may result in de-listing of our securities. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American. In order to maintain these listings, we must maintain certain share prices, financial and share distribution targets, including maintaining a minimum amount of shareholders’ equity and a minimum number of public shareholders. In addition to these objective standards, the NYSE American may delist the securities of any issuer (i) if, in its opinion, the issuer’s financial condition and/or operating results appear unsatisfactory; (ii) if it appears that the extent of public distribution or the aggregate market value of the security has become so reduced as to make continued listing on the NYSE American inadvisable; (iii) if the issuer sells or disposes of principal operating assets or ceases to be an operating company; (iv) if an issuer fails to comply with the NYSE American’s listing requirements; (v) if an issuer’s securities sell at what the NYSE American considers a “low selling price” and the issuer fails to correct this via a reverse split of shares after notification by the NYSE American; or (vi) if any other event occurs or any condition exists which, in the opinion of the NYSE American, makes continued listing inadvisable. If the NYSE American delists our common stock, investors may face material adverse consequences, including, but not limited to, a lack of trading market for our securities, reduced liquidity, decreased analyst coverage of our securities, and an inability for us to obtain any additional financing to fund our operations that we may need. 5 We may use proceeds from the Purchase Agreements in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not yield a significant return. We will have broad discretion over the