— Risks Related to Doing Business in Hong Kong .” 6 We
believe that, as of the date of this prospectus, YYEM is not required to obtain any permission from the CSRC, the CAC, or any other PRC
authority in connection with this offering. As a result, it has not submitted any application to any such authority for the approval
of the offering. As of the date of this prospectus, it has not received any inquiry, notice, warning or official objection in relation
to this offering from the CSRC, the CAC or any other PRC authority. However, there remains uncertainty as to the enactment, interpretation
and implementation of regulatory requirements related to overseas securities offerings and other capital markets activities. We believe
that YYEM has received all requisite permissions and approvals to operate its business. If YYEM does not receive or maintain such permissions
or approvals or has inadvertently concluded that the approvals of the CSRC, the CAC or any other regulatory authority are not required
for this offering, or if applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and YYEM is required to obtain approvals in the future,
seeking such approvals could cause the value of our securities, including the Common Stock, to significantly decline or be worthless.
Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such an approval requirement could have a material adverse effect on the trading price
of our securities. In addition, these regulatory agencies may impose fines and penalties on YYEM, limit its ability to pay dividends
outside of China, limit its operations in China, delay or restrict the repatriation of the proceeds from this offering into China or
take other actions that could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects,
as well as the trading price of our securities. The CSRC, or other PRC regulatory agencies also may take actions requiring us, or making
it advisable for us, to halt this offering before settlement and delivery of our Common Stock. Consequently, if you engage in market
trading or other activities in anticipation of and prior to settlement and delivery, you do so at the risk that settlement and delivery
may not occur. See “ Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in Hong Kong — Changes in the PRC’s
economic, political or social conditions or governmental policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations .” On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB reported that it was unable to completely inspect or investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China or Hong Kong because of a position taken by one or more authorities in each of those jurisdictions. However, following
the signing of a Statement of Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) and the Ministry of Finance
of the PRC in August 2022, The PCAOB on December 15, 2022 vacated its previous determination and confirmed that it was now able to secure
complete access to inspect and investigate registered public accounting firms headquartered in those jurisdictions. Nevertheless, should
PRC authorities obstruct or otherwise fail to facilitate the PCAOB’s access in the future, the PCAOB may issue a new determination. Our
auditor, Olayinka Oyebola & Co. (“OOC”), an independent public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB, and an auditor
of publicly traded companies in the United States, is subject to U.S. laws pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to
assess its compliance with applicable professional standards. Our auditor has been inspected by the PCAOB on a regular basis, with the
last inspection in November 2023. Our auditor is not headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong and was not identified as an accounting
firm subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. Nevertheless, should our auditor in the future have any
work papers in China or Hong Kong that the PCAOB is unable to fully inspect, it will be difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our
auditor’s audit procedures or equity control procedures. Investors could consequently lose confidence in our reported financial
information and procedures or the quality of our financial statements, which would adversely affect us and our securities. In addition,
OOC has been charged by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) in connection with allegedly aiding and
abetting a securities fraud. For more information regarding recent developments related to OOC, see “ Risk Factors—Our independent auditor, Olayinka Oyebola & Co., has been charged by the SEC in connection with securities fraud allegations. ” Moreover,
if trading in our securities is prohibited under the HFCAA in the future because the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully
investigate our auditor at such future time, an exchange would in all likelihood delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate
passed the AHFCAA, and on December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act was signed into law by President Biden, which contained,
among other things, an identical provision to the AHFCAA and amended the HFCAA by requiring the SEC to prohibit an issuer’s securities
from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three,
thus reducing the time period for triggering the delisting of our Company and the prohibition of trading in our securities if the PCAOB
is unable to inspect our accounting firm at such future time. See “ Risk Factors — Risks Related to Doing Business in Hong
Kong — A joint statement by the SEC and the PCAOB, rule changes by Nasdaq, the HFCAA and AHFCAA, and the Consolidated Appropriations
Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of
their auditors, especially non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainty to our continued
listing.” 7 Following
the Acquisition, our corporate organization will initially consist of the Company and YYEM. We anticipate that revenue will primarily
be received by YYEM, where it will be used to pay operating expenses and be reinvested in outsourced research and development, the purchase
of additional patents and other intellectual property, and branding and other promotional activities, among other things. If needed,
management may decide to transfer cash between YYEM and the Company, or between one of these two entities and any subsidiaries that we
may establish or acquire in other jurisdictions. This could take the form of intercompany fund advances or capital contributions. Under
our cash management policy, the amount of intercompany transfers will be determined by our management based on the working capital needs
of the entities within our group, and intercompany transactions will be subject to our internal approval process and funding arrangements. We
have not declared or paid dividends or made any distribution of earnings as of the date of this prospectus. We do not intend to declare
dividends or distribute earnings (if any) in the near future. Any determination to declare dividends or distribute earnings (if any)
in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. The
Company and YYEM are not subject to any significant restrictions on buying or selling foreign exchange or on transferring cash between
entities within our group, across borders, or to U.S. investors. There are no significant restrictions or limitations on our ability
to distribute earnings (if any) from YYEM to the Company and U.S. investors or our ability to settle amounts owed. However, there can
be no assurance that the PRC government will not intervene or impose restrictions on the ability of YYEM to buy or sell foreign exchange
or transfer or distribute cash within our organization, which could result in an inability or prohibition on making transfers or distributions
to entities outside of Hong Kong and adversely affect our business. One
of YYEM’s licensees is based in Mainland China, which imposes various limitations, procedures, and formalities on payments out
of China. Capital account transactions, which relate to the purchase and sale of foreign assets and liabilities and include such transactions
as investments and loans, are subject to review by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”). Current account
payments, including royalty payments, should generally not be restricted, but SAFE has a significant degree of administrative discretion
in implementing laws and regulations and has on occasion used this discretion to limit the convertibility of current account payments
out of China. YYEM understands from its Mainland China licensee that because the royalties due to YYEM under the applicable licensing
agreement constitute current account payments, the payment of such royalties is permitted under PRC regulations, provided the sending
and receiving banks can show that the transactions are legitimate. However, there can be no assurance that the distinction between restrictions
on capital account transactions and restrictions on current account transactions will be consistently interpreted by SAFE and China’s
other regulatory agencies, nor can there be any assurance that the legal analysis of the licensee is correct or that the PRC government
will not intervene or impose other restrictions on the ability of the licensee to make the required payments to YYEM outside of Mainland
China. We expect that the immediate financial impact of any such development in the coming months, while adversely affecting our business
prospects, would be limited by the fact that, to date, YYEM has not received any revenue from, and is therefore not financially dependent
on, such licensee. Reverse
Stock Split On
June 26, 2024, we filed a Certificate of Amendm