”. The outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, has adversely impacted and we expect will
continue to adversely impact our business, including our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Further, our operating results may
change in the future, and we may need additional funds to meet operational needs and capital requirements associated with such operating plans. Until such time, if ever, that we can generate product revenue sufficient to achieve profitability, we expect to finance our cash needs
through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaboration agreements, other third-party funding, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and marketing and distribution arrangements. We currently have no credit facility or committed sources of capital. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of
equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred
equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional
funds through other third-party funding, collaboration agreements, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements or marketing and distribution arrangements, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams,
research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our
product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market products or product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Contractual Obligations The following is
our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2019: Payments Due By Period Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years (in thousands) Operating lease obligations (1) $ 2,907 $ 1,015 $ 1,705 $ 187 $ — (1) Amounts exclude laboratory space in San Diego, California, for which we entered into a lease in January 2020.
The initial lease term is for 10 years and the minimum rent commitment due over the initial term is $23.1 million. We enter into contracts in the normal course of business with third-party contract organizations for clinical trials, preclinical studies,
manufacturing and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination following a certain period after notice and therefore we believe that our non-cancelable obligations under these agreements are not material and they are not included in the table above. We have not included milestone or
royalty payments or other contractual payment obligations in the table above if the timing and amount of such obligations are unknown or uncertain. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements. 96 Table of Contents Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate sensitivities. We held cash
and cash equivalents of $67.2 million and $63.7 million as of December 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, respectively. We generally hold our cash in interest-bearing money market accounts. Our primary exposure to market risk is
interest rate sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. Due to the short-term maturities of our cash equivalents and the low risk profile of our investments, an immediate 100 basis point change in
interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash equivalents. Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Our management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, costs and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we
believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions
on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant
accounting policies are described in more detail in the notes to our financial statements appearing at the end of this prospectus, we believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the
preparation of our financial statements. Goodwill and In-Process Research and Development Our goodwill, which has an indefinite useful life, represents the excess of the cost over the fair value of net assets acquired
from its business combination. The determination of the value of goodwill and intangible assets arising from business combinations and asset acquisitions requires extensive use of accounting estimates and judgments to allocate the purchase price to
the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, including capitalized in-process research and development, or IPR&D. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination that are used for IPR&D activities are considered indefinite lived until the
completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. Upon conclusion of the relevant research and development project, we amortize the acquired IPR&D over its estimated useful life or expense the acquired IPR&D
should the research and development project be unsuccessful with no future alternative use. We base the useful lives and related amortization expense on our estimate of the period that the assets will generate revenues or otherwise be used. We
assess the carrying value of our IPR&D assets at least annually, or more frequently if an event occurs indicating the potential for impairment, which requires us to make assumptions and judgements regarding the future cash flows of these assets.
If the assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment we recognize is the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Fair value is determined by a combination of third-party sources and forecasted
discounted cash flows. Goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if an event occurs indicating the
potential for impairment. During the impairment review process, we consider qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, including goodwill. If we
determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, then no additional assessment is deemed necessary. Otherwise, we perform the two-step test for goodwill impairment. The first step involves comparing the estimated fair values of the 97 Table of Contents reporting units with the carrying values, including goodwill. If the carrying amounts of the reporting units exceed the fair values, the second step of the goodwill impairment test is performed
to determine the amount of loss, which involves comparing the implied fair values of the goodwill to the carrying values of the goodwill. We completed our most recent annual evaluation for impairment for goodwill and IPR&D as of
December 31, 2019 using the qualitative assessment and determined that no impairment existed, and no charges were recorded. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred in connection with the development of our product candidates. We expense
research and development costs as incurred. Expenses related to clinical trials are accrued based on our estimates and/or representations
from service providers regarding work performed, including actual level of patient enrollment, completion of patient studies and progress of the clinical trials. Other incidental costs related to patient enrollment or treatment are accrued when
reasonably certain. If the amounts we are obligated to pay under our clinical trial agreements are modified (for instance, as a result of changes in the clinical trial protocol or scope of work to be performed), we adjust our accruals accordingly.
Revisions to our contractual payment obligations are charged to expense in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become reasonably certain. Incentive Unit-based Compensation Prior to our IPO, we granted equity awards in the form of Class B common unit awards pursuant to the Zentalis Pharmaceuticals, LLC Profits
Interest Plan, or the Profits Interests Plan. Each unvested Class B common unit represents a non-voting equity interest in us that entitles the holder to a percentage of the profits and appreciation in
our equity value arising after the date of grant and after such time as an applicable threshold amount is met. Class B common units issued under the Profits Interest Plan with time-based vesting schedules generally vest over a four-year period
with cliff vesting for the first year. The Black Scholes option pricing model, which is a standard option pri