. a. The Company is
offering (the “ Offering ”) to the Investor class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (the
“ Shares ” or the “ Securities ”) at a purchase price of $1.74 per Share. For a more detailed
description of the Securities, see the Term Sheet attached as Exhibit C to the Subscription Package. b. This Offering and is being conducted in advance of the Company’s intended initial public offering (“ IPO ”)
of its class B common stock and listing its class B common stock for trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities
exchange. c. Under the Company’s engagement letter with Boustead, dated September 21, 2022, Boustead has been engaged as our exclusive
financial advisor for the 18-month term of such engagement letter. In addition, Boustead has expressed its intent to enter into an
Underwriting Agreement with the Company to act as the lead underwriter for the proposed IPO on a “firm commitment”
basis. There can be no assurance that we and Boustead will be able to agree on the terms of such Underwriting Agreement or that our
proposed IPO will be successfully consummated. d. Investing in the Securities
involves a high degree of risk. Before investing, Investors should carefully consider the Business Summary of the Company ( Exhibit
D to the Investor Package), the Risk Factors related to the Company’s business ( Exhibit E to the Investor Package),
and the Company Investor Presentation ( Exhibit F to the Investor Package), together with the other information contained in Offering
Documents. 3. Purchase . a. I hereby agree to
tender to Sutter Securities Inc. (the “ Escrow Agent ”) (i) by check or wire transfer of immediately available
funds (to a bank account and related wire instructions provided in the Investor Package or otherwise provided to me upon my request)
made payable to “Sutter Securities Inc., as Agent for the Investors in CC Acquisition Corp.”, for such number of Shares
indicated on the signature page hereto, (ii) an executed copy of this Agreement, and (iii) an executed copy of my Investor
Representation and Suitability Questionnaire, attached as Exhibit B to the Investor Package. Funds will be held in an escrow
account maintained by the Escrow Agent (the “ Escrow Account ”), as set forth in more detail below pending the
initial Closing of the Offering. b. The Offering is for a minimum offering amount of $249,999.72 (the “ Minimum Offering Amount ”) and a maximum offering
of $1,503,704.52 (the “ Maximum Offering Amount ”). All subscriptions to purchase Securities will be held in the Escrow
Account, which is a noninterest-bearing account maintained by the Escrow Agent. The subscriptions will remain in the Escrow Account until
subscriptions for the Minimum Offering Amount are raised. Boustead and the Company, in their sole discretion, may accept subscriptions
in excess of the Maximum Offering Amount. c. This
Offering will continue until the earlier of (a) the sale of 864,198 Shares for $1,503,704.52 of gross proceeds being the Maximum
Offering Amount, or (b) December 31, 2022, unless such date is extended by the Company and Boustead in their sole discretion (the
“ Termination Date ”). Upon the earlier of a Closing (defined below) on my subscription or completion of the
Offering, I will be notified promptly by the Company as to whether my subscription has been accepted by the Company. 4. Acceptance or Rejection of Subscription . a. I understand and agree that the Company reserves the right to reject this subscription for the Securities, in whole or in part, for
any reason and at any time prior to the Closing (defined below) of my subscription. b. In the event the Company rejects this subscription, my subscription payment will be promptly returned to me without interest or
deduction and this Subscription Agreement shall be of no force or effect. In the event my subscription is accepted and the Offering is
completed, the subscription funds submitted by me shall be released to the Company. 5. Closing . The closing (“ Closing ”) of this Offering may occur at any time and from time to time on
or before the Termination Date subject to the satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in this Agreement. The Company must (a)
achieve the Minimum Offering Amount and (b) complete the acquisition of CleanCore Solutions, LLC and TertraClean Systems, LLC (the “ CleanCore
Acquisition ”) prior to conducting an initial Closing (the “ Initial Closing ”) of the Offering. Upon receipt
of the Minimum Offering Amount and upon the completion of the CleanCore Acquisition, an Initial Closing will be held, and all funds will
be released from the Escrow Account and paid to the Company, less professional fees and compensation paid to Boustead and syndicate members,
if any. Thereafter, additional Closings will be held as funds are received up to the earlier to occur of receipt of the Maximum Offering
Amount (or increased amount agreed to by the Company and Boustead) or the Termination Date. Boustead and the Company, in their sole discretion,
may accept subscriptions in excess of the Maximum Offering Amount. Pending receipt of the Minimum Offering Amount, all subscription funds
will be placed in escrow with the Escrow Agent. If, for any reason, the Minimum Offering Amount of subscriptions are not received by the
Termination Date (as the same may be extended by Boustead and the Company), all escrowed funds will be returned to subscribers, without
interest or deduction. The Securities subscribed for herein shall not be deemed issued to or owned by me until one copy of this Agreement
has been executed by me and countersigned by the Company and the Closing with respect to such Securities has occurred and I have received
the Securities from the Company. Affiliates of the Company or Boustead, including officers, directors and existing stockholders of the
Company and representatives of Boustead, may invest in this Offering and their funds will be counted toward the Company achieving the
Minimum Offering Amount. In addition, the Company may allow affiliates of the Company, Boustead or other investors to pay the subscription
price through the cancellation of indebtedness or other liquidated sums owed to such investors by the Company and such investment amount
would also be counted toward achieving the Minimum Offering Amount. I acknowledge and agree that Boustead and the Company may unilaterally,
without my consent, agree to extend the Termination Date by which the Minimum Offering Amount must be raised for an Initial Closing to
occur and Boustead and the Company shall not be required to return the escrowed funds to me if there is any such extension. 6. Disclosure . Because this Offering is limited to accredited investors as defined in Section 2(15) of the Securities Act,
and Rule 501 promulgated thereunder, in reliance upon the exemption contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of
Regulation D thereunder and applicable state securities laws, the Securities are being sold without registration under the Securities
Act. I acknowledge receipt of the Offering Documents and represent that I have carefully reviewed and understand the Offering Documents,
including all exhibits attached hereto. 2 I have received all information and materials
regarding the Company that I have requested. I fully understand that the Company has a limited financial and operating history and that
the Securities are speculative investments which involve a high degree of risk, including the potential loss of my entire investment.
I fully understand the nature of the risks involved in purchasing the Securities and I am qualified to make such investment based on my
knowledge of and experience in investing in securities of this type. I have carefully considered the potential risks relating to the Company
and purchase of its Securities and have, in particular, reviewed each of the risks set forth in the Offering Documents. Both my advisors
and I have had the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from representatives of the Company or persons acting on its behalf
concerning the Company and the terms and conditions of a proposed investment in the Company and my advisors and I have also had the opportunity
to obtain additional information necessary to verify the accuracy of information furnished about the Company. Accordingly, I have independently
evaluated the risks of purchasing the Securities. 7. Investor Representations and Warranties . I acknowledge, represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Company as follows: a. I am aware that my investment involves a high degree of risk as disclosed in the Offering Documents and have carefully read the
Offering Documents, and I understand that by signing this Agreement I am agreeing to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of
the Offering Documents. b. I acknowledge and am aware that there is no assurance as to the future performance of the Company. c. I
acknowledge that there may be certain adverse tax consequences to me in connection with my purchase of Securities, and the Company has
advised me to seek the advice of experts in such areas prior to making this investment. d. I am purchasing the Securities for my own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with
the distribution of the Securities, nor with any present intention of selling or otherwise disposing of all or any part of the
foregoing securities. I agree that I must bear the entire economic risk of my investment for an indefinite period of time because,
among other reasons, the Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act or under the securities laws of any state and,
therefore, cannot be resold, pledged, assigned or otherwise disposed of unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities
Act and under applicable securities laws of certain states or an exemption from such registration is available. I hereby a