Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below, together with all of the other information contained in this prospectus, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks
occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to the Business We have a history
of losses and may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We have incurred net losses in
all periods since our inception, and we expect we will continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We experienced net losses of $12.8 million, $27.4 million and $35.5 million for fiscal 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively,
and $14.6 million and $17.9 million for the six months ended January 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively. As of July 31, 2017 and January 31, 2018, we had an accumulated deficit of $162.0 million and $180.4 million, respectively. Because the
market for our cloud platform is rapidly evolving and cloud security solutions have not yet reached widespread adoption, it is difficult for us to predict our future results of operations. We expect our operating expenses to increase significantly
over the next several years, particularly in fiscal 2018, as we continue to hire additional personnel, particularly in sales and marketing, expand our operations and infrastructure, both domestically and internationally, and continue to develop our
platform. In addition to the expected costs to grow our business, we also expect to incur significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses as a newly public company. If we fail to increase our revenue to offset the increases in our
operating expenses, we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. If organizations do not adopt our cloud platform, our ability to
grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected. Cloud technologies are still evolving, and it
is difficult to predict customer demand and adoption rates for our solutions or cloud-based offerings generally. We believe that our cloud platform offers superior protection to our customers, who are becoming increasingly dependent on the internet
as they move their applications and data to the cloud. We also believe that our cloud platform represents a major shift from on-premises appliance-based security solutions. However, traditional on-premises security appliances are entrenched in the infrastructure of many of our potential customers, particularly large enterprises, because of their prior investment in and the familiarity of their IT personnel
with on-premises appliance-based solutions. As a result, our sales process often involves extensive efforts to educate our customers on the benefits and capabilities of our cloud platform, particularly as we
continue to pursue customer relationships with large organizations. Even with these efforts, we cannot predict market acceptance of our cloud platform, or the development of competing products or services based on other technologies. If we fail to
achieve market acceptance of our cloud platform or are unable to keep pace with industry changes, our ability to grow our business and our operating results will be materially and adversely affected. If we are unable to attract new customers, our future results of operations could be harmed. To increase our revenue and achieve and maintain profitability, we must add new customers. To do so, we must successfully
convince IT decision makers that, as they adopt SaaS applications and the public cloud, security delivered through the cloud provides significant advantages over legacy on-premises appliance-based security
products. Additionally, many of our customers broadly deploy our product, which requires a significant commitment of resources. These factors significantly impact our ability to add new customers and increase the 17 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements time, resources and sophistication required to do so. In addition, numerous other factors, many of which are out of our control, may now or in the future impact our ability to add new customers,
including potential customers’ commitments to legacy IT security vendors and products, real or perceived switching costs, our failure to expand, retain and motivate our sales and marketing personnel, our failure to develop or expand
relationships with our channel partners or to attract new channel partners, failure by us to help our customers to successfully deploy our cloud platform, negative media or industry or financial analyst commentary regarding us or our solutions,
litigation and deteriorating general economic conditions. If our efforts to attract new customers are not successful, our revenue and rate of revenue growth may decline, we may not achieve profitability and our future results of operations could be
materially harmed. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our services and add additional users and services to their subscriptions,
our future results of operations could be harmed. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of
operations, it is important that our customers renew their subscriptions for our services when existing contract terms expire and that we expand our commercial relationships with our existing customers. Our customers have no obligation to renew
their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their contractual subscription period, which is typically one to three years, and in the normal course of business, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, in certain cases,
customers may cancel their subscriptions without cause either at any time or upon advance written notice (typically ranging from 30 days to 60 days), typically subject to an early termination penalty for unused services. In addition, our customers
may renew for fewer users, renew for shorter contract lengths or switch to a lower-cost suite. If our customers do not renew their subscription services, we could incur impairment losses related to our deferred contract acquisition costs. It is
difficult to accurately predict long-term customer retention because of our varied customer base and given the length of our subscription contracts. Our customer retention and expansion may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors,
including our customers’ satisfaction with our services, our prices and pricing plans, our customers’ spending levels, decreases in the number of users to which our customers deploy our solutions, mergers and acquisitions involving our
customers, competition and deteriorating general economic conditions. Our future success also depends in part on the rate
at which our current customers add additional users or services to their subscriptions, which is driven by a number of factors, including customer satisfaction with our services, customer security and networking issues and requirements, general
economic conditions and customer reaction to the price per additional user or of additional services. If our efforts to expand our relationship with our existing customers are not successful, our business may materially suffer. We face intense and increasing competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. The market for network security solutions is intensely competitive and
characterized by rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, industry standards and frequent introductions of new and improvements of existing products and services. Our business model of delivering security through the cloud rather than
legacy on-premises appliances is still relatively new and has not yet gained widespread market traction. Moreover, we compete with many established network and security vendors who are aggressively competing
against us with their legacy appliance-based solutions and are also seeking to introduce cloud-based services that have functionality similar to our cloud platform. We expect competition to increase as other established and emerging companies enter
the security solutions market, in particular with respect to cloud-based security solutions, as customer requirements evolve and as new products, services and technologies are introduced. If we are unable to anticipate or effectively react to these
competitive challenges, our competitive position could weaken, and we could experience a decline in revenue or our growth rate that could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our competitors and potential competitors include: • independent IT security vendors, such as Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Fortinet, Inc., Palo Alto
Networks, Inc. and Symantec Corporation, which offer a broad mix of network and endpoint security products; 18 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • large networking vendors, such as Cisco Systems, Inc. and Juniper Networks, Inc., which offer security
appliances and incorporate security capabilities in their networking products; • companies such as FireEye, Inc., Forcepoint Inc. (previously, Websense, Inc.), F5 Networks, Inc. and Pulse
Secure, LLC with point solutions that compete with some of the features of our cloud platform, such as proxy, firewall, sandboxing and advanced threat protection, data loss prevention, encryption, load balancing and virtual private network vendors;
and • other providers