Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following risks, together with all the
other information in this prospectus, including our combined financial statements and notes thereto, before you invest in our Class A common stock. If any of the following risks actually materializes, our operating results, financial condition
and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. As a result, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks related to our business and industry Restrictions and bans
on the use of antibiotics used in food-producing animals may become more prevalent. The issue of the potential transfer of increased
antibiotic resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, are the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. In some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions
and bans on the use of specific antibiotics in some food-producing animals, regardless of the route of administration (in feed or injectable). These restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are
willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. For example, in April 2012, the FDA announced guidance calling for the voluntary elimination over a period of time of the use of medically important antibiotics in animal feed for
growth promotion in food production animals (medically important antibiotics include classes that are prescribed in animal and human health). The guidance provides for continued use of antibiotics in food-producing animals for treatment, control and
prevention of disease under the supervision of a veterinarian. The FDA indicated that they took this action to help preserve the efficacy of medically important antibiotics to treat infections in humans. Historically, antibiotics for livestock have
represented a significant portion of our revenues. We cannot predict whether antibiotic resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations or public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibiotics in
food-producing animals, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Perceived adverse
effects on human health linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products could cause a decline in the sales of such products. Our livestock business depends heavily on a healthy and growing livestock industry. If the public perceives a risk to human health from the consumption of the food-producing animals that utilize our
products, there may be a decline in the production of such food products and, in turn, demand for our products. For example, livestock producers may experience decreased demand for their products or reputational harm as a result of evolving consumer
views of animal rights, nutrition and health-related or other concerns. Any reputational harm to the livestock industry may also extend to companies in related industries, including our company. Adverse consumer views related to the use of one or
more of our products in livestock also may result in a decrease in the use of such products and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Increased regulation relating to the raising, processing or consumption of food-producing animals could reduce demand for our livestock products. Companies in the livestock industries are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations. If livestock producers are adversely affected by
new regulations or changes to existing regulations, they may reduce herd sizes or become less profitable and, as a result, they may reduce their use of our products, which may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial
condition. Furthermore, adverse regulations related, directly or indirectly, to the use of one or more of our products may injure livestock producers’ market position. More stringent regulation of the livestock industry or our products could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 13 Table of Contents An outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals could negatively affect the sale and production
of our products. Sales of our livestock products could be materially adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals,
such as avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (otherwise known as BSE or mad cow disease), which could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of animals as well as the reduced consumption and
demand for animal protein. For example, in April 2012, the USDA announced that it had identified a case of BSE in California. This announcement caused certain countries to implement additional inspections of, or suspend the importation of, United
States beef. Also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or
products elsewhere. In addition, outbreaks of disease may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions,
which may reduce demand for our products. Any resulting reductions in the demand for our products could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Consolidation of our customers could negatively affect the pricing of our products. Veterinarians and livestock producers are our primary customers. In recent years, there has been a trend towards the concentration of veterinarians in
large clinics and hospitals. In addition, livestock producers, particularly swine and poultry producers, have seen recent consolidation in their industries. If these trends towards consolidation continue, these customers could attempt to improve
their profitability by leveraging their buying power to obtain favorable pricing. The resulting decrease in our prices could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions and the availability of natural resources. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our
products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. As a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations. In addition, livestock producers depend on the availability of natural resources, including large supplies of fresh water. Their animals’ health and
their ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience a shortage of fresh water due to human population growth or floods, droughts or other weather conditions. In the event of adverse weather conditions or a shortage of fresh
water, livestock producers may purchase less of our products. For example, the current drought impacting the United States is considered the
worst in many years, impacting both the supply of corn and the availability of grazing pasture. The decrease in harvested corn may raise the price of corn, impacting the profitability of livestock producers of cattle, pork and poultry, in turn
contributing to reductions in herd or flock size that may result in reduced spending on animal health products. Reduced availability of grazing pasture may force cattle producers to cull their herds or advance them into feedlots
earlier. Moving cattle earlier to feedlots could result in a short term increase in the use of our products, but, over the longer term, fewer heads of cattle would result in reduced demand for our products. A prolonged drought could have a
material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Our business is subject to risk based on global economic
conditions. The global financial markets recently have undergone and may continue to experience significant volatility and disruption.
The timing and sustainability of an economic recovery is uncertain and additional macroeconomic, business and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. Certain of our
customers and suppliers have been affected directly by the economic 14 Table of Contents downturn and continue to face credit issues and could experience cash flow problems that have given rise to and could continue to give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies
and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. If one or more of our large customers, including distributors, discontinue their relationship with us as a
result of economic conditions or otherwise, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. In addition, economic concerns may cause some pet owners to forgo or defer visits to veterinary practices or could reduce
their willingness to treat pet health conditions or even to continue to own a pet. Our business is subject to risk based on customer
exposure to rising costs and reduced customer income. Feed, fuel and transportation and other key costs for livestock producers may
increase or animal protein prices or sales may decrease. Either of these trends could cause deterioration in the financial condition of our livestock product customers, potentially inhibiting their ability to purchase our products or pay us for
products delivered. Our livestock product customers may offset rising costs by reducing spending on our products,