Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk because our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as fully described
below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our common stock risky include, among others: • Our research and development activities are focused on discovering and developing proprietary prodrugs, and we
are taking an innovative approach to discovering and developing prodrugs, which may never lead to marketable prodrug products. • If we are not able to obtain required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to
commercialize them and our ability to generate revenue or profits or to raise future capital could be limited. • We are early in our development efforts and have only one product which has completed development and obtained
regulatory approval by the FDA, APADAZ. All our other active product candidates are in clinical or preclinical development. If commercialization of APADAZ or our product candidates is not successful, or we experience significant delays in
commercialization, our business will be harmed. • Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur
additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. • We may need substantial additional funding to pursue our business objectives. If we are unable to raise capital
when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or altogether cease our prodrug development programs or commercialization efforts or cease operations altogether. • The auditor’s opinion on our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019,
included in our annual report on Form 10-K, contains an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern. • In connection with preparation of our annual financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2019, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could harm us. • We have incurred significant recurring negative net operating losses since our inception. We expect to incur
operating losses over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. • If we are unable to obtain and maintain trade secret protection or patent protection for our technology, APADAZ,
KP415, KP484 and our other product candidates, or if the scope of the patent protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize technology and drugs similar or identical to ours, and our ability to
successfully commercialize our technology, APADAZ, KP415, KP484 and our other product candidates, if approved, may be impaired. • If we, subject to the approval of Commave, or Commave themselves attempt to rely on Section 505(b)(2) of the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the FDA does not conclude that our product candidates are sufficiently bioequivalent, or have comparable bioavailability, to approved drugs, or if the FDA does not allow us or Commave to pursue the 505(b)(2)
NDA pathway as 9 Table of Contents anticipated, the approval pathway for our product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and entail significantly greater complications and risks than
anticipated, and the FDA may not ultimately approve our product candidates. • The FDA may determine that any NDA we may submit under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for any of our product
candidates in the future is not sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. • We have entered into collaborations with KVK, for the commercialization of APADAZ in the United States, and
Commave, to develop, manufacture and commercialize KP415 and KP484 worldwide. In addition, we may seek collaborations with third parties for the development or commercialization of our other product candidates, or in other territories. If those
collaborations are not successful, we may not be able to capitalize on the market potential of APADAZ or KP415, KP484 or other product candidates, if approved. • The trading price of the shares of our common stock is likely to be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock
could incur substantial losses. Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Needs We will need substantial additional funding to pursue our business objectives. If we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to
delay, reduce or altogether cease our prodrug development programs or commercialization efforts or cease operations altogether. Based on our
current operating plan, our existing resources and projected revenues are expected to be sufficient to fund our operating expense and capital investment requirements past the potential March 2, 2021 date under the Prescription Drug User Fee
Act, or PDUFA, for the KP415 New Drug Application, or NDA, and up to the debt maturity date of March 31, 2021. We believe that the proceeds from this offering, together with our existing cash resources and projected revenues and after giving
effect to the Deerfield Debt Payment, will be sufficient to fund our operations into, but not through, the third quarter of 2022. A portion of our projected revenue is based upon the achievement of milestones in our APADAZ and KP415 license
agreements. Certain of the milestones are associated with regulatory matters that are outside our control and we do not have a history of achieving milestones in our license agreements. We do not currently have sufficient funds to finance our
continuing operations beyond the short-term or to substantially advance our product candidates further into clinical development. We expect that our only sources of revenues will be through payments arising from our license agreements with KVK
and Commave, or through the Corium Consulting Agreement or other potential consulting arrangements and any other future arrangements related to one of our other product candidates. Accordingly, our ability to continue as a going concern will
require us to obtain, in the short term, additional financing to fund our operations. In order to substantially advance development of our product candidates, we will need to obtain additional funding in connection with our continuing
operations from one or more equity offerings, debt financings, the APADAZ License Agreement, the KP415 License Agreement, the Corium Consulting Agreement, other potential consulting arrangements or other third-party funding, including
potential strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient proceeds from the APADAZ License Agreement, the KP415 License Agreement, the Corium
Consulting Agreement or other consulting arrangements, or be successful in completing other transactions, that will fund our operating expenses. Further, the economic uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic may dramatically reduce our ability to secure debt or equity financing necessary to support our operations. If we are delayed in obtaining additional funding or are unable to complete a
strategic transaction, we may discontinue our development activities on our product candidates or discontinue our operations. Even if we are able to fund continued development and any of our product candidates, beyond APADAZ, are approved, we
expect that we will need to complete a strategic transaction or raise substantial additional funding through public or private debt or equity securities to successfully commercialize any product candidate. Our future capital requirements will depend
on many factors, including: • the progress and results of our preclinical studies, clinical trials, chemistry, manufacturing and controls,
or CMC, and other product development and commercialization activities; 10 Table of Contents • the scope, progress, results and costs of preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our
product candidates; • the ability to obtain differentiating claims in the labels for our product candidates; • the number and development requirements of other product candidates that we may pursue; • the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; • the efforts necessary to institute post-approval regulatory compliance requirements; • the costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, marketing, sales
and distribution, for any of our product candidates for which we receive marketing approval; • the revenue, if any, received from commercial sales of APADAZ under our APADAZ License Agreement, or any product
candidate subject to the terms of the KP415 License Agreement or sales of our other product candidates for which we receive marketing approval, which may be affected by market conditions, including obtaining coverage and adequate
reimbursement of APADAZ or our product candidates from third-party payors, including government programs and managed care organizations, and competition within the therapeutic class to which APADAZ or our product candidates are
assigned; • our success in developing and commercializing our ADHD product candidates in accordance with the terms of the
KP415 License Agreement; • the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our
intellectual property rights and defending any intellectual property-related claims; and • the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and
technologies. The auditor’s opinion on our audited financial statements for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2019 and our unaudited condensed financial statements included in this prospectus each contain an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern. The 