—Our required cash contributions to our pension plans may increase further and we could experience a material change in the funded status of our defined benefit pension plans and the amount recorded in our consolidated balance sheets
related to those plans. Additionally, our pension costs could increase in future years.” Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk We are exposed to market risk during the normal course of business from changes in foreign currency
exchange rates and interest rates. The exposure to these risks is managed through a combination of normal operating and financing activities and derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate
swaps to cover known foreign exchange transactions and interest rate fluctuations. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk Our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates relates primarily to our foreign operations. For our foreign
operations, exchange rates impact the U.S. Dollar (“USD”) value of our reported earnings, our investments in the subsidiaries and the intercompany transactions with the subsidiaries. See “Risk Factors—Our international
operations are subject to uncertainties, which could adversely affect our operating results.” Approximately 29% of our
sales originate outside of the United States. As a result, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies against the USD, particularly the Euro, may have a material impact on our reported results. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign
currencies are translated into USD at the end of the fiscal period using the average exchange rates in effect during the period. Consequently, as the value of the USD changes relative to the currencies of our major markets, our reported results
vary. 57 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates also impact the USD amount of our stockholders’
equity. The assets and liabilities of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into USD at the exchange rates in effect at the end of the fiscal periods. As of March 31, 2011, stockholders’ equity increased by $8.5 million from
March 31, 2010 as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments. If the USD had strengthened by 10% as of March 31, 2011, the result would have decreased stockholders’ equity by approximately $16.1 million. As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively
manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. However, any of these factors could adversely affect our international operations and, consequently, our operating results. At March 31, 2011, we had outstanding forward foreign currency contracts that exchange USD for Canadian dollars
(“CAD”) as well as CAD for USD. The forward contracts in place as of March 31, 2011 expire between April and September of 2011 and have notional amounts of $9.0 million CAD ($9.1 million USD) and contract rates of approximately
$0.99CAD:$1USD. These foreign exchange forward contracts were not accounted for as effective cash flow hedges in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC 815”) and as such were marked to market through earnings. We
believe that a hypothetical 10% adverse change in the foreign currency exchange rates would have resulted in a $0.5 million decrease in the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts as of March 31, 2011. Interest Rate Risk We utilize a combination of short-term and long-term debt to finance our operations and are exposed to interest rate risk on these debt obligations. A substantial portion of our indebtedness, including indebtedness under the senior secured credit facilities bears interest at rates that
fluctuate with changes in certain short-term prevailing interest rates. As of March 31, 2011, our outstanding borrowings under the senior secured term loan credit facility were $761.5 million. The term loan credit facility is apportioned
between two primary tranches: a $570.0 million term loan B1 facility and a $191.5 million term loan B2 facility. Borrowings under the term loan B1 facility accrue interest, at our option, at the following rates per annum: (i) 2.50% plus the
LIBOR, or (ii) 1.50% plus the Base Rate (which is defined as the higher of the Federal funds rate plus 0.5% or the Prime rate). Borrowings under the B2 facility accrue interest, at our option, at the following rates: (i) 2.25% plus the
LIBOR per annum or (ii) 1.00% plus the Base Rate (which is defined as the higher of the Federal funds rate plus 0.5% or the Prime rate). The weighted average interest rate on the outstanding term loans at March 31, 2011 was 3.67%. We
have entered into three interest rate swaps, which became effective beginning October 20, 2009 and mature on July 20, 2012, to hedge the variability in future cash flows associated with our variable-rate term loans. The three swaps convert
an aggregate of $370.0 million of our variable-rate term loans to a fixed interest rates ranging from 2.08% to 2.39%, plus the applicable margin. Our loss before income taxes would likely be affected by changes in market interest rates on the un-hedged portion of these variable-rate obligations. After considering the interest rate swaps, a 100
basis point increase in the March 31, 2011 interest rates would increase interest expense under the senior secured credit facilities by approximately $3.9 million on an annual basis. 58 BUSINESS Our Company Rexnord is
a growth-oriented, multi-platform industrial company with what we believe are leading market shares and highly trusted brands that serve a diverse array of global end-markets. Our heritage of innovation and specification have allowed us to provide
highly engineered, mission critical solutions to customers for decades and affords us the privilege of having long-term, valued relationships with market leaders. We operate our company in a disciplined way and the Rexnord Business System
(“RBS”) is our operating philosophy. Grounded in the spirit of continuous improvement, RBS creates a scalable, process-based framework that focuses on driving superior customer satisfaction and financial results by targeting world-class
operating performance throughout all aspects of our business. Our strategy is to build the Company around multiple, global
strategic platforms that participate in end-markets with sustainable growth characteristics where we are, or have the opportunity to become, the industry leader. We have a track record of acquiring and integrating companies and expect to continue to
pursue strategic acquisitions within our existing platforms that will expand our geographic presence, broaden our product lines and allow us to move into adjacent markets. Over time, we anticipate adding additional strategic platforms to our
Company. Currently, our business is comprised of two platforms, Process & Motion Control and Water Management. We believe that we have one of the broadest portfolios of highly engineered, mission and project critical Process & Motion Control products in the industrial and aerospace end-markets. Our
Process & Motion Control product portfolio includes gears, couplings, industrial bearings, aerospace bearings and seals, FlatTop ™ modular belting, engineered chain and conveying equipment. Our Water Management platform is a leader in the multi-billion dollar, specification-driven,
non-residential construction market for water management products. Through recent acquisitions, we have gained entry into the municipal water and wastewater treatment markets. Our Water Management product portfolio includes professional grade
specification drainage products, flush valves and faucet products, backflow prevention pressure release valves, Pex piping and engineered valves and gates for the water and wastewater treatment market. Our products are generally “specified” or requested by end-users across both of our strategic platforms as a result of their
reliable performance in demanding environments, our custom application engineering capabilities and our ability to provide global customer support. Typically, our Process & Motion Control products are initially incorporated into products
sold by OEMs or sold to end-users as critical components in large, complex systems where the cost of failure or downtime is high and thereafter replaced through industrial distributors as they are consumed or require replacement. The demand for our Water Management products is primarily driven by new infrastructure, the retro-fit of existing structures to make them
more energy and water efficient, commercial construction and, to a lesser extent, residential construction. We believe we have become a market leader in the industry by meeting the stringent third party regulatory, building and plumbing code
requirements and subsequently achieving specification of our products into projects and applications. We are led by an
experienced, high-caliber management team that employs RBS as a proven operating philosophy to drive excellence and world class performance in all aspects of our business by focusing on the “Voice of the Customer” process and ensuring
superior customer satisfaction. Our global footprint encompasses 36 principal Process & Motion Control manufacturing, warehouse and repair facilities located around the world and 23 principal Water Management manufacturing and warehouse
facilities which allow us to meet the needs of our increasingly global customer base as well as our distribution channel partners. On July 21, 2006 (the “Merger Date”), affiliates of Apollo, George M. Sherman and certain members of management acquired RBS Global through the merger of Chase Merger Sub, Inc., an
indirect, wholly-owned 59 subsidiary of an Apollo affiliate, Rexnord Corporation, with and into RBS Global, and RBS Global became an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Rexnord Corporation. Rexnord Corporation, formerly
known as Rexnord Holdings, Inc., was incorp